Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Where there is righteousness in the heart, there is harmony in the house; when there is harmony in the house, there is order in the nation; when there is order in the nation, there is peace in the world.
Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
It means, people who are in high and responsible positions, if they go against righteousness, righteousness itself will get transformed into a destroyer.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
We will be remembered only if we give to our younger generation a prosperous and safe India, resulting out of economic prosperity coupled with civilizational heritage.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
English is necessary as at present original works of science are in English. I believe that in two decades times original works of science will start coming out in our languages. Then we can move over like the Japanese.
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias.
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
We have not invaded anyone. We have not conquered anyone. We have not grabbed their land, their culture, their history and tried to enforce our way of life on them.
We must think and act like a nation of a billion people and not like that of a million people. Dream, dream, dream!
Why are we, as a nation so obsessed with foreign things? Is it a legacy of our colonial years? We want foreign television sets. We want foreign shirts. We want foreign technology. Why this obsession with everything imported?
I was willing to accept what I couldn't change.
Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance?
There are times in my life when I just want to be by myself.
I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person.
It's hard to say what I want my legacy to be when I'm long gone.
I think it's important to take a break, you know, from the public eye for a while, and give people a chance to miss you. I want longevity. I don't want to get out there and run myself ragged and spread myself thin.
I'm the interpreter. I'm the one who takes your words and brings them to life. I was trained to sing and dance and laugh, and that's what I want to do.
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.
Because I came out as a singer, I took the time to get an acting coach.
I began to work the stage and get the audience into it. I also learned how to have fun out there. It is something I will never forget.
I don't feel I made any sacrifices at all. I'm doing my best to juggle.
I don't think about my previous success. I'm happy that the work I've done has been very successful.
I don't want to abandon one work for the other, and I don't think I need to sacrifice anything to put my all into either one of them.
I have the time needed to support the album and tour.
I know that people think I'm sexy and I am looked at as that. It is cool with me. It's wonderful to have sexy appeal. If you embrace it, it can be a very beautiful thing.
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
I stay true to myself and my style, and I am always pushing myself to be aware of that and be original.
I'm a total performer.
I'm involved in some action scenes, so they'll train me for that. I'll be working with my acting coach to prepare for my character.
If I don't think about it, it won't drive me crazy.
If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.
In film, you are a totally different person than in the video.
It was always part of the plan to move into acting.
It's really a sad story, and I liked that. The songs on this album talk about relationships in every aspect.
Keep working hard and you can get anything that you want.
Romeo Must Die came at the right time. It was the right vehicle for me.
The Matrix is top secret. There isn't much that can be said right now.
There are certain things I want to keep to me. I don't discuss my private life.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.
For my part, I desire to see the time when education - and by its means, morality, sobriety, enterprise and industry - shall become much more general than at present, and should be gratified to have it in my power to contribute something to the advancement of any measure which might have a tendency to accelerate the happy period.
A man watches his pear tree day after day, impatient for the ripening of the fruit. Let him attempt to force the process, and he may spoil both fruit and tree. But let him patiently wait, and the ripe pear at length falls into his lap.
In so far as the government lands can be disposed of, I am in favor of cutting up the wild lands into parcels so that every poor man may have a home.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg.
Discourage litigation. Persuade your neighbors to compromise whenever you can. As a peacemaker the lawyer has superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.
Let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another, but let him work diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built.
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
At what point then is the approach of danger to be expected? I answer, if it ever reach us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.
There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.'
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
Allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion,and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such purpose - and you allow him to make war at pleasure.
That I am not a member of any Christian church is true; but I have never denied the truth of the Scriptures, and I have never spoken with intentional disrespect of religion in general, or of any denomination of Christians in particular.
I am naturally anti-slavery. If slavery is not wrong, nothing is wrong. I can not remember when I did not so think and feel.
On the road from the City of Skepticism, I had to pass through the Valley of Ambiguity.
I have never known much good done by those who affected to trade for the public good.
Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this - no dog exchanges bones with another.
Happiness never lays its finger on its pulse.
All money is a matter of belief.
The real tragedy of the poor is the poverty of their aspirations.
To feel much for others and little for ourselves; to restrain our selfishness and exercise our benevolent affections, constitute the perfection of human nature.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
Labour was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things. It was not by gold or by silver, but by labour, that all wealth of the world was originally purchased.
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.
This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts.
Adventure upon all the tickets in the lottery, and you lose for certain; and the greater the number of your tickets the nearer your approach to this certainty.
Defense is superior to opulence.
The propensity to truck, barter and exchange one thing for another is common to all men, and to be found in no other race of animals.
Resentment seems to have been given us by nature for a defense, and for a defense only! It is the safeguard of justice and the security of innocence.
Humanity is the virtue of a woman, generosity that of a man.
Labor was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things.
Virtue is more to be feared than vice, because its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable.
Great ambition, the desire of real superiority, of leading and directing, seems to be altogether peculiar to man, and speech is the great instrument of ambition.
The real and effectual discipline which is exercised over a workman is that of his customers. It is the fear of losing their employment which restrains his frauds and corrects his negligence.
I was so embarrassed about mispronouncing words. I just knew how to smile.
I just think they're really insecure about themselves sometimes. I know all the girls, but we all work a lot and don't have time to hang out together. They're all really nice; I've never had a problem with any model.
My favorite designer is Christian Lacroix, not just because his clothes are amazing and I love them, but because he's so nice. When I did his fashion show, he was the first one to arrive there and he helped everyone.
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.
I would like just one time to be on the cover of Italian Vogue.
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
If one day I have a daughter and my daughter wants to be a model, I would never let her!
I missed out on everything. Sometimes on the street I see teenagers hanging out and going to the movies, going to concerts, and I get so jealous.
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.
Here in the big city people spend their time thinking about work and about money; they don't give some value to friendships and it can be depressing.
If you look around Brazil you see pregnant women everywhere. Here you don't see that as much. There the only thing they do is babies, babies, babies! Especially the poor families.
I've never been to the gym. I do nothing.
When I get older, I don't think I'll like to have wrinkles, or a big jelly belly. I cannot have it.
Younger guys are just too jealous.
I like to go to the movies or read.
I was in a fashion show and I had on a strapless top. When I got to the end the top was down.
I used to be very shy. When I first started, I had to go to a casting, and I had to go in a bikini. I thought I was too skinny. But I went in and got the job! And that's how I started.
Modeling is a tough job, your co-workers are your rivals, it really puts a damper on your perspective of other girls.
Fashion is about good energy. It's about feelings. That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
I want to be a child doctor. A pediatry... how do you call it, pediatrician? Do I like kids? No, not really.
I care about heart.
It's wrong for a guy to have no personality, no heart. Because I don't care about style or money.
If I am not moving I get bored very easily.
Don't try to be what you're not. If you're nervous, be nervous. If you're shy, be shy. It's cute.
I don't like fights. I don't like aggressive people.
For this is the mark of a wise and upright man, not to rail against the gods in misfortune.
There are times when fear is good. It must keep its watchful place at the heart's controls.
The wisest of the wise may err.
I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
Time brings all things to pass.
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
He who goes unenvied shall not be admired.
The man whose authority is recent is always stern.
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath.
Death is softer by far than tyranny.
To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift.
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
I would rather be ignorant than knowledgeable of evils.
In every tyrant's heart there springs in the end this poison, that he cannot trust a friend.
Words are the physicians of a mind diseased.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
He that always gives way to others will end in having no principles of his own.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him.
Outside show is a poor substitute for inner worth.
Affairs are easier of entrance than of exit; and it is but common prudence to see our way out before we venture in.
Plodding wins the race.
Example is the best precept.
It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
We would often be sorry if our wishes were gratified.
The gods help them that help themselves.
United we stand, divided we fall.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency.
Appearances are often deceiving.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Some believe all that parents, tutors, and kindred believe. They take their principles by inheritance, and defend them as they would their estates, because they are born heirs to them.
I owe my solitude to other people.
Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes.
Wars based on principle are far more destructive... the attacker will not destroy that which he is after.
A myth is an image in terms of which we try to make sense of the world.
And although our bodies are bounded with skin, and we can differentiate between outside and inside, they cannot exist except in a certain kind of natural environment.
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
Buddhism has in it no idea of there being a moral law laid down by somekind of cosmic lawgiver.
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
But to me nothing - the negative, the empty - is exceedingly powerful.
But we try to pretend, you see, that the external world exists altogether independently of us.
Faith is a state of openness or trust.
If you study the writings of the mystics, you will always find things in them that appear to be paradoxes, as in Zen, particularly.
In known history, nobody has had such capacity for altering the universe than the people of the United States of America. And nobody has gone about it in such an aggressive way.
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
Omnipotence is not knowing how everything is done; it's just doing it.
Religion is not a department of life; it is something that enters into the whole of it.
So the bodhisattva saves all beings, not by preaching sermons to them, but by showing them that they are delivered, they are liberated, by the act of not being able to stop changing.
Why should it be essential to love rarely in order to love much?
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.
Man wants to live, but it is useless to hope that this desire will dictate all his actions.
The real passion of the twentieth century is servitude.
Stupidity has a knack of getting its way.
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
It is not your paintings I like, it is your painting.
Basically, at the very bottom of life, which seduces us all, there is only absurdity, and more absurdity. And maybe that's what gives us our joy for living, because the only thing that can defeat absurdity is lucidity.
A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.
Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
How can sincerity be a condition of friendship? A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
We are all special cases.
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is.
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
Every man's memory is his private literature.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing.
There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done.
Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power.
Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.
A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul.
Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
The proper study of mankind is books.
Most of one's life is one prolonged effort to prevent oneself thinking.
An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look.
Dream in a pragmatic way.
The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open.
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.
In this experiment, made on the 9th of October, 1876, actual conversation, backwards and forwards, upon the same line, and by the same instruments reciprocally used, was successfully carried on for the first time upon a real line of miles in length.
It is a neck-and-neck race between Mr. Gray and myself who shall complete our apparatus first. He has the advantage over me in being a practical electrician - but I have reason to believe that I am better acquainted with the phenomena of sound than he is - so that I have an advantage there.
Morse conquered his electrical difficulties although he was only a painter, and I don't intend to give in either till all is completed.
The nation that secures control of the air will ultimately control the world.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
America is a country of inventors, and the greatest of inventors are the newspaper men.
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself.
Great discoveries and improvements invariably involve the cooperation of many minds. I may be given credit for having blazed the trail, but when I look at the subsequent developments I feel the credit is due to others rather than to myself.
What this power is I cannot say; all I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man is in that state of mind in which he knows exactly what he wants and is fully determined not to quit until he finds it.
A man's own judgment should be the final appeal in all that relates to himself.
I have discovered that my interest in my dear pupil, Mabel, has ripened into a far deeper feeling than that of mere friendship. In fact, I know that I have learned to love her very sincerely.
From my earliest childhood, my attention was specially directed to the subject of acoustics, and specially to the subject of speech, and I was urged by my father to study everything relating to these subjects, as they would have an important bearing upon what was to be my professional work.
Such a chimerical idea as telegraphing vocal sounds would indeed, to most minds, seem scarcely feasible enough to spend time in working over. I believe, however, that it is feasible and that I have got the cue to the solution of the problem.
My knowledge of electrical subjects was not acquired in a methodical manner but was picked up from such books as I could get hold of and from such experiments as I could make with my own hands.
It is hardly an exaggeration to say that oral teachers and sign teachers found it difficult to sit down in the same room without quarreling, and there was intolerance upon both sides. To say 'oral method' to a sign teacher was like waving a red flag in the face of a bull, and to say 'sign language' to an oralist aroused the deepest resentment.
I would impress upon your minds the fact that if you want to do a man justice, you should believe what a man says himself rather than what people say he says.
It is not, of course, complete yet - but some sentences were understood this afternoon... I feel that I have at last struck the solution of a great problem - and the day is coming when telegraph wires will be laid onto houses just like water or gas - and friends converse with each other without leaving home.
I do not recognize the right of the public to break in the front door of a man's private life in order to satisfy the gaze of the curious... I do not think it right to dissect living men even for the advancement of science. So far as I am concerned, I prefer a post mortem examination to vivisection without anaesthetics.
Educate the masses, elevate their standard of intelligence, and you will certainly have a successful nation.
Dumbness comes from the fact that a child is born deaf and that it consequently never learns how to articulate, for it is by the medium of hearing that such instruction is acquired.
The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God; and, however generally this maxim has been quoted and believed, it is not true to fact. The people are turbulent and changing, they seldom judge or determine right.
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.
There are seasons in every country when noise and impudence pass current for worth; and in popular commotions especially, the clamors of interested and factious men are often mistaken for patriotism.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
Learn to think continentally.
Real firmness is good for anything; strut is good for nothing.
Even to observe neutrality you must have a strong government.
Constitutions should consist only of general provisions; the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.
I think the first duty of society is justice.
I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.
It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government.
When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation.
Power over a man's subsistence is power over his will.
In the usual progress of things, the necessities of a nation in every stage of its existence will be found at least equal to its resources.
Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of man will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice without constraint.
In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased.
Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
The greatest magnifying glasses in the world are a man's own eyes when they look upon his own person.
To err is human; to forgive, divine.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Of Manners gentle, of Affections mild; In Wit a man; Simplicity, a child.
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
But blind to former as to future fate, what mortal knows his pre-existent state?
Tis not enough your counsel still be true; Blunt truths more mischief than nice falsehoods do.
And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.
Slave to no sect, who takes no private road, But looks through Nature up to Nature's God.
A God without dominion, providence, and final causes, is nothing else but fate and nature.
To observations which ourselves we make, we grow more partial for th' observer's sake.
Genius creates, and taste preserves. Taste is the good sense of genius; without taste, genius is only sublime folly.
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.
The ruling passion, be it what it will. The ruling passion conquers reason still.
A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
Honor and shame from no condition rise. Act well your part: there all the honor lies.
Teach me to feel another's woe, to hide the fault I see, that mercy I to others show, that mercy show to me.
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read, With loads of learned lumber in his head.
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.
Act well your part, there all the honour lies.
Be not the first by whom the new are tried, Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.
I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.
How should a man be capable of grooming his own horse, or of furbishing his own spear and helmet, if he allows himself to become unaccustomed to tending even his own person, which is his most treasured belonging?
Whatever possession we gain by our sword cannot be sure or lasting, but the love gained by kindness and moderation is certain and durable.
How great are the dangers I face to win a good name in Athens.
A tomb now suffices him for whom the whole world was not sufficient.
I am dying from the treatment of too many physicians.
Heaven cannot brook two suns, nor earth two masters.
I had rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and dominion.
If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.
For my own part, I would rather excel in knowledge of the highest secrets of philosophy than in arms.
So far as I am concerned, I could not be accused of having set eyes, or having wished to set eyes, upon Darius' wife: on the contrary, I have refused even to listen to those who spoke to me of her beauty.
I do not pilfer victory.
Oh! Most miserable wretch that I am! Why have I not learnt how to swim?
Soldiers, I had lately like to have been taken from you by the attempt of a few desperate men, but by the grace and providence of the gods, I am still preserved.
His father is governor of Media, and though he has the greatest command given him of all the rest of my generals, he still covetously desires more, and my being without issue spurs him on to this wicked design. But Philotas takes wrong measures.
How happy had it been for me had I been slain in the battle. It had been far more noble to have died the victim of the enemy than fall a sacrifice to the rage of my friends.
If we turn our backs of the Scythians who have provoked us, how shamefully shall we march against the revolted Bactrians; but if we pass Tanais and make the Scythians feel, by dear experience, that we are invincible, not in Asia only, it is not to be doubted but that Europe itself, as well as Asia, will come within the bounds of our conquests.
Who does not desire such a victory by which we shall join places in our Kingdom, so far divided by nature, and for which we shall set up trophies in another conquered world?
You shall, I question not, find a way to the top if you diligently seek for it; for nature hath placed nothing so high that it is out of the reach of industry and valor.
Shall I, that have destroyed my Preservers, return home?
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.
Women like me aren't supposed to run for office.
I wake up every day, and I'm a Puerto Rican girl from the Bronx. Every single day.
I was born in a place where your ZIP code determines your destiny.
I believe that every American should have stable, dignified housing; health care; education - that the most very basic needs to sustain modern life should be guaranteed in a moral society.
For me, democratic socialism is about - really, the value for me is that I believe that in a modern, moral, and wealthy society, no person in America should be too poor to live.
People try to identify who is the most likely person to turn out, and what we did is that we changed who turns out. And that changes the whole electorate.
Change takes courage.
We know enough to reject the stereotype that people in the Midwest do not care about their brothers and sisters.
What I see is that the Democratic Party takes working class communities for granted, they take people of color for granted, and they just assume that we're going to turn out no matter how bland or half-stepping these proposals are.
I'm used to people kind of knowing me in the community.
I felt like the only way to effectively run for office is if you had access to a lot of wealth, high social influence, a lot of dynastic power, and I knew that I didn't have any of those things.
Not all Democrats are the same.
Congress is too old. They don't have a stake in the game.
There is no such thing as talking about class without there being implications of the racial history of the United States. You just can't do it.
It's really scary or it's easy to generate fear around an idea or around an -ism when you don't provide any substance to it.
There's this false notion that you have to separate and choose between issues of class and issues of race. What people do when they say that you need to separate class from race is that they are really just saying that people of color should come second.
Democrats should be getting high-fives from sanitation truck drivers - that is what should be happening in America.
The Republicans galvanize their base by inciting a lot of fear; they operate on a lot of mythmaking. So we have to have something compelling. We shouldn't be afraid to be bold.
Mentors of mine were under a big pressure to minimize their femininity to make it. I'm not going to do that. That takes away my power. I'm not going to compromise who I am.
We have a political culture of intimidation, of favoring, of patronage, and of fear, and that is no way for a community to be governed.
The only time we create any kind of substantive change is when we reach out to a disaffected electorate and inspire and motivate them to vote.
The biggest hurdle that our communities have is cynicism - saying it's a done deal, who cares; there's no point to voting. If we can get somebody to care, it's a huge victory for the movement and the causes we're trying to advance.
We are fighting for an unapologetic movement for economic, social, and racial justice in the United States.
I wasn't born to a wealthy or powerful family - mother from Puerto Rico, dad from the South Bronx.
I can't name a single issue with roots in race that doesn't have economic implications, and I cannot think of a single economic issue that doesn't have racial implications. The idea that we have to separate them out and choose one is a con.
We have to have a diversity of age represented in Congress, too.
There is hardly a pioneer's hut which does not contain a few odd volumes of Shakespeare. I remember reading the feudal drama of Henry V for the first time in a log cabin.
As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.
Consider any individual at any period of his life, and you will always find him preoccupied with fresh plans to increase his comfort.
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through.
In the United States, the majority undertakes to supply a multitude of ready-made opinions for the use of individuals, who are thus relieved from the necessity of forming opinions of their own.
A democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.
In America the majority raises formidable barriers around the liberty of opinion; within these barriers an author may write what he pleases, but woe to him if he goes beyond them.
Nothing seems at first sight less important than the outward form of human actions, yet there is nothing upon which men set more store: they grow used to everything except to living in a society which has not their own manners.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
An American cannot converse, but he can discuss, and his talk falls into a dissertation. He speaks to you as if he was addressing a meeting; and if he should chance to become warm in the discussion, he will say 'Gentlemen' to the person with whom he is conversing.
I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America.
The debates of that great assembly are frequently vague and perplexed, seeming to be dragged rather than to march, to the intended goal. Something of this sort must, I think, always happen in public democratic assemblies.
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.
In no other country in the world is the love of property keener or more alert than in the United States, and nowhere else does the majority display less inclination toward doctrines which in any way threaten the way property is owned.
The power of the periodical press is second only to that of the people.
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.
The French want no-one to be their superior. The English want inferiors. The Frenchman constantly raises his eyes above him with anxiety. The Englishman lowers his beneath him with satisfaction.
All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest and shortest means to accomplish it.
Words, like nature, half reveal and half conceal the soul within.
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead life to sovereign power.
Ours not to reason why, ours but to do and die.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
I the heir of all the ages, in the foremost files of time.
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move.
A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies.
The same words conceal and declare the thoughts of men.
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell.
God's finger touched him, and he slept.
I am a part of all that I have met.
In the long years liker they must grow; The man be more of woman, she of man.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Authority forgets a dying king.
To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock his competitors. The sensible worker does not knock those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself.
He makes no friends who never made a foe.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Us sing and dance, make faces and give flower bouquets, trying to be loved. You ever notice that trees do everything to git attention we do, except walk?
Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be.
Expect nothing. Live frugally on surprise.
Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.
I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.
In search of my mother's garden, I found my own.
I think we have to own the fears that we have of each other, and then, in some practical way, some daily way, figure out how to see people differently than the way we were brought up to.
People do not wish to appear foolish; to avoid the appearance of foolishness, they are willing to remain actually fools.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect. Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they're still beautiful.
Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me.
It is healthier, in any case, to write for the adults one's children will become than for the children one's 'mature' critics often are.
Never be the only one, except, possibly, in your own home.
It no longer bothers me that I may be constantly searching for father figures; by this time, I have found several and dearly enjoyed knowing them all.
For in the end, freedom is a personal and lonely battle; and one faces down fears of today so that those of tomorrow might be engaged.
The experience of God, or in any case the possibility of experiencing God, is innate.
The gift of loneliness is sometimes a radical vision of society or one's people that has not previously been taken into account.
I have learned not to worry about love; but to honor its coming with all my heart.
How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are, we must know our mothers names.
All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole. They never detract; or, in any case, one must not allow them to do so. Experience adds to experience.
Writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence.
The most important question in the world is, 'Why is the child crying?'
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.
Genius - to know without having learned; to draw just conclusions from unknown premises; to discern the soul of things.
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.
Patience, n. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.
Brain: an apparatus with which we think we think.
Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
Admiration, n. Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
Corporation: An ingenious device for obtaining profit without individual responsibility.
Childhood: the period of human life intermediate between the idiocy of infancy and the folly of youth - two removes from the sin of manhood and three from the remorse of age.
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.
Debt, n. An ingenious substitute for the chain and whip of the slavedriver.
Coward: One who, in a perilous emergency, thinks with his legs.
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.
Happiness: an agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
The hardest tumble a man can make is to fall over his own bluff.
Liberty: One of Imagination's most precious possessions.
Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man - who has no gills.
Cabbage: a familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two.
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
Mostly, my flying has been solo, but the preparation for it wasn't. Without my husband's help and encouragement, I could not have attempted what I have. Ours has been a contented and reasonable partnership, he with his solo jobs and I with mine. But always with work and play together, conducted under a satisfactory system of dual control.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Women must pay for everything. They do get more glory than men for comparable feats, but, they also get more notoriety when they crash.
Aviation offered such fun as crossing the continent in planes large and small, trying the whirling rotors of an autogiro, making record flights. With these activities came opportunity to know women everywhere who shared my conviction that there is so much women can do in the modern world and should be permitted to do irrespective of their sex.
Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
There are two kinds of stones, as everyone knows, one of which rolls.
Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
The woman who can create her own job is the woman who will win fame and fortune.
In soloing - as in other activities - it is far easier to start something than it is to finish it.
Obviously I faced the possibility of not returning when first I considered going. Once faced and settled there really wasn't any good reason to refer to it.
I have often said that the lure of flying is the lure of beauty.
Among all the marvels of modern invention, that with which I am most concerned is, of course, air transportation. Flying is perhaps the most dramatic of recent scientific attainment. In the brief span of thirty-odd years, the world has seen an inventor's dream first materialized by the Wright brothers at Kitty Hawk become an everyday actuality.
Aviation, this young modern giant, exemplifies the possible relationship of women and the creations of science. Although women have not taken full advantage of its use and benefits, air travel is as available to them as to men.
I have often been asked what I think about at the moment of take-off. Of course, no pilot sits and feels his pulse as he flies. He has to be part of the machine. If he thinks of anything but the task in hand, then trouble is probably just around the corner.
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.
A person is never happy except at the price of some ignorance.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Innocence most often is a good fortune and not a virtue.
Of all the sexual aberrations, chastity is the strangest.
Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe.
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
Silence is the wit of fools.
We do not know what to do with this short life, yet we want another which will be eternal.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
It is only the poor who pay cash, and that not from virtue, but because they are refused credit.
It is human nature to think wisely and act in an absurd fashion.
It is well for the heart to be naive and the mind not to be.
I thank fate for having made me born poor. Poverty taught me the true value of the gifts useful to life.
It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
When a thing has been said and well, have no scruple. Take it and copy it.
Suffering! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life; we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.
I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle.
He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave.
Concentrate your energies, your thoughts and your capital. The wise man puts all his eggs in one basket and watches the basket.
Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else.
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
I have always been afraid of banks.
Every good citizen makes his country's honor his own, and cherishes it not only as precious but as sacred. He is willing to risk his life in its defense and is conscious that he gains protection while he gives it.
There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
Americans are not a perfect people, but we are called to a perfect mission.
Democracy shows not only its power in reforming governments, but in regenerating a race of men and this is the greatest blessing of free governments.
War is a blessing compared with national degradation.
It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.
No one need think that the world can be ruled without blood. The civil sword shall and must be red and bloody.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
Elevate those guns a little lower.
The brave man inattentive to his duty, is worth little more to his country than the coward who deserts in the hour of danger.
As long as our government is administered for the good of the people, and is regulated by their will; as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property, liberty of conscience and of the press, it will be worth defending.
Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
To the victors belong the spoils.
You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing.
Every diminution of the public burdens arising from taxation gives to individual enterprise increased power and furnishes to all the members of our happy confederacy new motives for patriotic affection and support.
Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.
I would sincerely regret, and which never shall happen whilst I am in office, a military guard around the President.
Mr. Van Buren, your friends may be leaving you but my friends never leave me.
I'm a capitalist, and I believe that universal basic income is necessary for capitalism to continue.
Overnight successes are generally years in the making. And most progress is made in isolation, far from the public eye.
I can't sit by and do nothing as our country disintegrates.
The reason Donald Trump was elected was that we automated away four million manufacturing jobs in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. If you look at the voter data, it shows that the higher the level of concentration of manufacturing robots in a district, the more that district voted for Trump.
All you need is self-driving cars to destabilize society.
Income taxes are very poor at generating income from automation because the gains are realized by technology companies that are experts at not paying taxes.
Most Americans agree that technology is going to eliminate many more jobs than it is going to create.
The monetary market is going to value people's time less and less as time goes on, so you need another way to structure their day that rewards them.
The first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is push my dog off of me. He likes to sleep on top of me. I think it's because I'm warm and breathing.
I try not to bring my phone to the gym - it's too tempting to play with it.
I wear a suit most days, in part because it's suitable for any type of meeting and in part because it takes the thought out of it.
If I need a pick-me-up, I pull up a memo file on my phone and type in three things I'm grateful for. The things I've typed on other days are still there. It's a long list. Always helps.
Tell young girls they can be anything, including entrepreneurs and self-made billionaires. Encourage your friends/daughters/female students/yourself to take a shot.
Of course, women are free to start any kind of company they want. But women sometimes identify different problems than men do and start different sorts of companies as a result.
We need more women solving different problems, starting companies, and creating jobs to drive our economy and society forward.
In my experience, entrepreneurship tends to be kind of cumulative, like a layer cake. Taking some time away can make it hard to rev up.
Building a successful business requires a combination of human capital, financial resources, market opportunity, persistence, community support, and even luck.
I have started or run several companies and spent time with dozens of entrepreneurs over the years. Virtually none of them, in my experience, made meaningful personnel or resource-allocation decisions based on incentives or policies.
The best policymakers know that in start-ups, as in politics, not everything works out exactly as planned.
When I was first thinking about what would become Venture for America, I was trying to figure out how to solve a problem - that our top young people were being driven to roles that did not, to me, address the needs of our time. That VFA would be a non-profit just seemed like the most efficient way to solve the problem.
It's easy to see how non-profits become engrossed in catering to donors, which may or may not be the best thing at all times, while if a company is ultra-engaged with its customers, it's universally positive and helpful.
Back in 2001, my first start-up was mentioned in the 'New York Times' and 'USA Today.' I figured that would drive thousands of visitors to the site and tons of new business. Instead, only a handful of people visited our site, and not much business came of it at all.
People love Twinkies, and everyone knows about them, yet Hostess went bankrupt. Attention and commercial success have an uncertain relationship in business.
After a couple of years in a professional setting, you'll get used to dressing presentably, preparing for meetings, speaking appropriately, showing up on time, writing professional correspondence, etc.
You will almost always leave a professional services environment with a few noteworthy friends and relationships. These contacts can prove to be extremely valuable both personally and professionally.
In the start-up setting and in most companies, the output is action-oriented. You need to be getting things done and making decisions, often with limited information.
I don't like food that's too carefully arranged; it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.
We're all proud of making little mistakes. It gives us the feeling we don't make any big ones.
The closing of a door can bring blessed privacy and comfort - the opening, terror. Conversely, the closing of a door can be a sad and final thing - the opening a wonderfully joyous moment.
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
As an old reporter, we have a few secrets, and the first thing is we try the phone book.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
If dogs could talk it would take a lot of the fun out of owning one.
I just wish we knew a little less about his urethra and a little more about his arms sales to Iran.
Making duplicate copies and computer printouts of things no one wanted even one of in the first place is giving America a new sense of purpose.
The only people who say worse things about politicians that reporters do are other politicians.
The average bright young man who is drafted hates the whole business because an army always tries to eliminate the individual differences in men.
Obscenities... I think a lot of dumb people do it because they can't think of what they want to say and they're frustrated. A lot of smart people do it to pretend they aren't very smart - want to be just one of the boys.
The world must be filled with unsuccessful musical careers like mine, and it's probably a good thing. We don't need a lot of bad musicians filling the air with unnecessary sounds. Some of the professionals are bad enough.
All men are not created equal but should be treated as though they were under the law.
The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.
Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
I don't pick subjects as much as they pick me.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Elephants and grandchildren never forget.
Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning lousy hunter.
Human beings are born solitary, but everywhere they are in chains - daisy chains - of interactivity. Social actions are makeshift forms, often courageous, sometimes ridiculous, always strange. And in a way, every social action is a negotiation, a compromise between 'his,' 'her' or 'their' wish and yours.
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
I just happen to like ordinary things. When I paint them, I don't try to make them extraordinary. I just try to paint them ordinary-ordinary.
Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches.
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
I had a lot of dates but I decided to stay home and dye my eyebrows.
I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs.
I like boring things.
I never understood why when you died, you didn't just vanish, everything could just keep going on the way it was only you just wouldn't be there. I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment.'
I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.
I've decided something: Commercial things really do stink. As soon as it becomes commercial for a mass market it really stinks.
If you want to know all about Andy Warhol, just look at the surface of my paintings and films and me, and there I am. There's nothing behind it.
It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it.
Land really is the best art.
Once you 'got' Pop, you could never see a sign again the same way again. And once you thought Pop, you could never see America the same way again.
In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger.
I never think that people die. They just go to department stores.
During the 1960s, I think, people forgot what emotions were supposed to be. And I don't think they've ever remembered.
The most exciting thing is not doing it. If you fall in love with someone and never do it, it's much more exciting.
I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment.'
Jails and prisons are designed to break human beings, to convert the population into specimens in a zoo - obedient to our keepers, but dangerous to each other.
The work of the political activist inevitably involves a certain tension between the requirement that position be taken on current issues as they arise and the desire that one's contributions will somehow survive the ravages of time.
What this country needs is more unemployed politicians.
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society.
Radical simply means 'grasping things at the root.'
Now, if we look at the way in which the labor movement itself has evolved over the last couple of decades, we see increasing numbers of black people who are in the leadership of the labor movement and this is true today.
It's true that it's within the realm of cultural politics that young people tend to work through political issues, which I think is good, although it's not going to solve the problems.
What I think is different today is the lack of political connection between the black middle class and the increasing numbers of black people who are more impoverished than ever before.
That's true but I think the contemporary problem that we are facing increasing numbers of black people and other people of color being thrown into a status that involves work in alternative economies and increasing numbers of people who are incarcerated.
And I guess what I would say is that we can't think narrowly about movements for black liberation and we can't necessarily see this class division as simply a product or a certain strategy that black movements have developed for liberation.
Well, we see an increasingly weaker labor movement as a result of the overall assault on the labor movement and as a result of the globalization of capital.
I think that has to do with my awareness that in a sense we all have a certain measure of responsibility to those who have made it possible for us to take advantage of the opportunities.
As soon as my trial was over, we tried to use the energy that had developed around my case to create another organization, which we called the National Alliance against Racist and Political Repression.
I'm involved in the work around prison rights in general.
I think the importance of doing activist work is precisely because it allows you to give back and to consider yourself not as a single individual who may have achieved whatever but to be a part of an ongoing historical movement.
The campaign against the death penalty has been - while a powerful campaign, its participants have been those who attend all of the vigils, a relatively small number of people.
Well of course there's been a great deal of progress over the last 40 years. We don't have laws that segregate black people within the society any longer.
Racism is a much more clandestine, much more hidden kind of phenomenon, but at the same time it's perhaps far more terrible than it's ever been.
Well for one, the 13th amendment to the constitution of the US which abolished slavery - did not abolish slavery for those convicted of a crime.
First of all, I didn't suggest that we should simply get rid of all prisons.
But at the same time you can't assume that making a difference 20 years ago is going to allow you to sort of live on the laurels of those victories for the rest of your life.
You can never stop and as older people, we have to learn how to take leadership from the youth and I guess I would say that this is what I'm attempting to do right now.
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.
Racism, in the first place, is a weapon used by the wealthy to increase the profits they bring in by paying Black workers less for their work.
Had it not been for slavery, the death penalty would have likely been abolished in America. Slavery became a haven for the death penalty.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
I live in a crazy time.
I see the world being slowly transformed into a wilderness; I hear the approaching thunder that, one day, will destroy us too. I feel the suffering of millions. And yet, when I look up at the sky, I somehow feel that everything will change for the better, that this cruelty too shall end, that peace and tranquility will return once more.
Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness. People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
If I read a book that impresses me, I have to take myself firmly by the hand, before I mix with other people; otherwise they would think my mind rather queer.
Who would ever think that so much went on in the soul of a young girl?
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
And finally I twist my heart round again, so that the bad is on the outside and the good is on the inside, and keep on trying to find a way of becoming what I would so like to be, and could be, if there weren't any other people living in the world.
I soothe my conscience now with the thought that it is better for hard words to be on paper than that Mummy should carry them in her heart.
The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Boys will be boys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Because we're Jewish, my father immigrated to Holland in 1933, where he became the managing director of the Dutch Opekta Company, which manufactures products used in making jam.
After May 1940, the good times were few and far between; first there was the war, then the capitulation, and then the arrival of the Germans, which is when the trouble started for the Jews.
I've reached the point where I hardly care whether I live or die. The world will keep on turning without me, and I can't do anything to change events anyway.
When I write, I can shake off all my cares.
He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery!
There is nothing as sweet as a comeback, when you are down and out, about to lose, and out of time.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.
Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor.
You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.
We must not inflict life on children who will be resented; we must not inflict unwanted children on society.
When hope is not pinned wriggling onto a shiny image or expectation, it sometimes floats forth and opens.
I do not at all understand the mystery of grace - only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us.
I've written six novels and four pieces of nonfiction, so I don't really have a genre these days.
Seeing yourself in print is such an amazing concept: you can get so much attention without having to actually show up somewhere... You don't have to dress up, for instance, and you can't hear them boo you right away.
It was simple reality - most competitive tennis players in my day were privileged, spoiled, entitled and white. Also, many of them were beautiful, fit, tan and of good stock - great big hair and white teeth and long legs. Then there were the rest of us.
The Giants are usually described as rag tag, kind of a great garage sale team, and the Democrats are described as the Mommies to the Republican Daddies; and everyone hates the mommies, but wait, wait - I didn't intend to get into the pathos and thrill of being a Democratic Giants fan.
No one is more sentimentalized in America than mothers on Mother's Day, but no one is more often blamed for the culture's bad people and behavior.
You want to give me chocolate and flowers? That would be great. I love them both. I just don't want them out of guilt, and I don't want them if you're not going to give them to all the people who helped mother our children.
I don't want something special. I want something beautifully plain.
I am the woman I grew to be partly in spite of my mother, and partly because of the extraordinary love of her best friends, and my own best friends' mothers, and from surrogates, many of whom were not women at all but gay men. I have loved them my entire life, even after their passing.
I'm drawn to almost any piece of writing with the words 'divine love' and 'impeachment' in the first sentence. But I know the word 'divine' makes many progressive people run screaming for their cute little lives, and so one hesitates to use it.
Bananas are great, as I believe them to be the only known cure for existential dread. Also, Mother Teresa said that in India, a woman dying in the street will share her banana with anyone who needs it, whereas in America, people amass and hoard as many bananas as they can to sell for an exorbitant profit. So half of them go bad, anyway.
My mother's eyes were large and brown, like my son's, but unlike Sam's, they were always frantic, like a hummingbird who can't quite find the flower but keeps jabbing around.
I see that children fill the existential hollowness many people feel; that when we have children, we know they will need us, and maybe love us, but we don't have a clue how hard it is going to be.
We can't understand when we're pregnant, or when our siblings are expecting, how profound it is to have a shared history with a younger generation: blood, genes, humor. It means we were actually here, on Earth, for a time - like the Egyptians with their pyramids, only with children.
I didn't write about my mother much in the third year after she died. I was still trying to get my argument straight: When her friends or our relatives wondered why I was still so hard on her, I could really lay out the case for what it had been like to be raised by someone who had loathed herself, her husband, even her own name.
No one can appropriate God, goodness, the Bible or Jesus. It just seems that way.
The first holy truth in God 101 is that men and women of true faith have always had to accept the mystery of God's identity and love and ways. I hate that, but it's the truth.
A whole lot of us believers, of all different religions, are ready to turn back the tide of madness by walking together, in both the dark and the light - in other words, through life - registering voters as we go, and keeping the faith.
When we're dealing with the people in our family - no matter how annoying or gross they may be, no matter how self-inflicted their suffering may appear, no matter how afflicted they are with ignorance, prejudice or nose hairs - we give from the deepest parts of ourselves.
I would seriously rather be in a long line at the DMV than eat with people I don't know.
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into.
In my mind's eye, I visualize how a particular... sight and feeling will appear on a print. If it excites me, there is a good chance it will make a good photograph. It is an intuitive sense, an ability that comes from a lot of practice.
I tried to keep both arts alive, but the camera won. I found that while the camera does not express the soul, perhaps a photograph can!
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.
There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.
When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space.
It is my intention to present - through the medium of photography - intuitive observations of the natural world which may have meaning to the spectators.
The negative is comparable to the composer's score and the print to its performance. Each performance differs in subtle ways.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.
Photography, as a powerful medium of expression and communications, offers an infinite variety of perception, interpretation and execution.
A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.
These people live again in print as intensely as when their images were captured on old dry plates of sixty years ago... I am walking in their alleys, standing in their rooms and sheds and workshops, looking in and out of their windows. Any they in turn seem to be aware of me.
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
When I'm ready to make a photograph, I think I quite obviously see in my minds eye something that is not literally there in the true meaning of the word. I'm interested in something which is built up from within, rather than just extracted from without.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Landscape photography is the supreme test of the photographer - and often the supreme disappointment.
We must remember that a photograph can hold just as much as we put into it, and no one has ever approached the full possibilities of the medium.
Twelve significant photographs in any one year is a good crop.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
Transport of the mails, transport of the human voice, transport of flickering pictures-in this century as in others our highest accomplishments still have the single aim of bringing men together.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
It is such a secret place, the land of tears.
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
Night, the beloved. Night, when words fade and things come alive. When the destructive analysis of day is done, and all that is truly important becomes whole and sound again. When man reassembles his fragmentary self and grows with the calm of a tree.
War is not an adventure. It is a disease. It is like typhus.
The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
Grown-ups never understand anything for themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them.
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.
Once men are caught up in an event, they cease to be afraid. Only the unknown frightens men.
I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.
He who has gone, so we but cherish his memory, abides with us, more potent, nay, more present than the living man.
Whoever loves above all the approach of love will never know the joy of attaining it.
Only entropy comes easy.
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
When an actor has money he doesn't send letters, he sends telegrams.
The more refined one is, the more unhappy.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
Advertising is the very essence of democracy.
One must be a god to be able to tell successes from failures without making a mistake.
Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
If you cry 'forward', you must without fail make plain in what direction to go.
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress; when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other.
When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't be cured.
Man is what he believes.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
When a woman isn't beautiful, people always say, 'You have lovely eyes, you have lovely hair.'
People who lead a lonely existence always have something on their minds that they are eager to talk about.
If you are afraid of loneliness, do not marry.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
The University brings out all abilities, including incapability.
A writer is not a confectioner, a cosmetic dealer, or an entertainer.
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
The shortest distance between two points is a straight line.
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
To run away from trouble is a form of cowardice and, while it is true that the suicide braves death, he does it not for some noble object but to escape some ill.
The most perfect political community is one in which the middle class is in control, and outnumbers both of the other classes.
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
Persuasion is achieved by the speaker's personal character when the speech is so spoken as to make us think him credible. We believe good men more fully and more readily than others: this is true generally whatever the question is, and absolutely true where exact certainty is impossible and opinions are divided.
Some animals are cunning and evil-disposed, as the fox; others, as the dog, are fierce, friendly, and fawning. Some are gentle and easily tamed, as the elephant; some are susceptible of shame, and watchful, as the goose. Some are jealous and fond of ornament, as the peacock.
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
Wit is educated insolence.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Learned helplessness is the giving-up reaction, the quitting response that follows from the belief that whatever you do doesn't matter.
As you know, I'm an immigrant. I came over here as an immigrant, and what gave me the opportunities, what made me to be here today, is the open arms of Americans. I have been received. I have been adopted by America.
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.
I can promise you that when I go to Sacramento, I will pump up Sacramento.
I didn't leave bodybuilding until I felt that I had gone as far as I could go. It will be the same with my film career. When I feel the time is right, I will then consider public service. I feel that the highest honor comes from serving people and your country.
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun.
I knew I was a winner back in the late sixties. I knew I was destined for great things. People will say that kind of thinking is totally immodest. I agree. Modesty is not a word that applies to me in any way - I hope it never will.
I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.
Money doesn't make you happy. I now have $50 million but I was just as happy when I had $48 million.
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.
My friend James Cameron and I made three films together - True Lies, The Terminator and Terminator 2. Of course, that was during his early, low-budget, art-house period.
Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character.
The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that.
You can scream at me, call me for a shoot at midnight, keep me waiting for hours - as long as what ends up on the screen is perfect.
Gray Davis can run a dirty campaign better than anyone, but he can't run a state.
My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe; I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.
I told Warren if he mentions Prop. 13 one more time, he has to do 500 push-ups.
I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost.
If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
Clothes and manners do not make the man; but when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance.
There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.'
Let me put it this way: I think Republicans tend to keep the ball in play, Democrats go for broke.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Later, I discovered there was a lot of work to being good in tennis.
I may not be walking with you all the way, or even much of the way, as I walk with you now.
Do not feel sorry for me if I am gone.
When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you.
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
I don't want to be remembered for my tennis accomplishments.
A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions.
Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.
I accepted the face that as much as I want to lead others, and love to be around other people, in some essential way, I am something of a loner.
My potential is more than can be expressed within the bounds of my race or ethnic identity.
I have always drawn strength from being close to home.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
We must believe in the power of education. We must respect just laws. We must love ourselves, our old and or young, our women as well as our men.
I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.
If an elderly but distinguished scientist says that something is possible, he is almost certainly right; but if he says that it is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
I don't believe in God but I'm very interested in her.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.
This is the first age that's ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.
The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion.
Human judges can show mercy. But against the laws of nature, there is no appeal.
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading sex manuals without the software.
Our lifetime may be the last that will be lived out in a technological society.
It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God - but to create him.
I don't pretend we have all the answers. But the questions are certainly worth thinking about.
The intelligent minority of this world will mark 1 January 2001 as the real beginning of the 21st century and the Third Millennium.
New ideas pass through three periods: 1) It can't be done. 2) It probably can be done, but it's not worth doing. 3) I knew it was a good idea all along!
I don't believe in astrology; I'm a Sagittarius and we're skeptical.
We have to abandon the idea that schooling is something restricted to youth. How can it be, in a world where half the things a man knows at 20 are no longer true at 40 - and half the things he knows at 40 hadn't been discovered when he was 20?
Every revolutionary idea seems to evoke three stages of reaction. They may be summed up by the phrases: 1- It's completely impossible. 2- It's possible, but it's not worth doing. 3- I said it was a good idea all along.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
As a rule, said Holmes, the more bizarre a thing is the less mysterious it proves to be. It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify.
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.
A client is to me a mere unit, a factor in a problem.
A man should keep his little brain attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it.
From a drop of water a logician could infer the possibility of an Atlantic or a Niagara without having seen or heard of one or the other.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
You will, I am sure, agree with me that... if page 534 only finds us in the second chapter, the length of the first one must have been really intolerable.
When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge.
Some facts should be suppressed, or, at least, a just sense of proportion should be observed in treating them.
Where there is no imagination there is no horror.
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
I never guess. It is a shocking habit destructive to the logical faculty.
I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
Nothing clears up a case so much as stating it to another person.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
To free a person from error is to give, and not to take away.
The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him.
To find out your real opinion of someone, judge the impression you have when you first see a letter from them.
Friends and acquaintances are the surest passport to fortune.
Suffering by nature or chance never seems so painful as suffering inflicted on us by the arbitrary will of another.
Great minds are related to the brief span of time during which they live as great buildings are to a little square in which they stand: you cannot see them in all their magnitude because you are standing too close to them.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong; when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
Every person takes the limits of their own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death; and the higher the rate of interest and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed.
Boredom is just the reverse side of fascination: both depend on being outside rather than inside a situation, and one leads to the other.
I've never known any trouble than an hour's reading didn't assuage.
Martyrdom is the only way a man can become famous without ability.
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
It is with trifles, and when he is off guard, that a man best reveals his character.
If you want to know your true opinion of someone, watch the effect produced in you by the first sight of a letter from him.
As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
It is only a man's own fundamental thoughts that have truth and life in them. For it is these that he really and completely understands. To read the thoughts of others is like taking the remains of someone else's meal, like putting on the discarded clothes of a stranger.
If we were not all so interested in ourselves, life would be so uninteresting that none of us would be able to endure it.
Every nation ridicules other nations, and all are right.
Compassion is the basis of morality.
I don't care what straight people do, I don't care what gay people do. I don't care what nobody do. That's they business. I just care about what I do. You know what I'm saying?
I treat everybody equal, and so I want to be sure that my listeners and my followers do the same if they're gonna represent me. And if I'm gonna represent them, then I also want to do it in a good way.
I dress how I feel. I just go off emotion. I can't prepare my outfit a day before. Everything I wear is spontaneous.
I'm here to break boundaries, man. That's all. I'm here to be the first so that the people after me don't have to think twice about expressing themselves and being free.
You've got to exfoliate, you know?
But for real, for me, I feel like with the red lipstick thing it all depends on the pair of complexion. I'm just being for real. You have to be fair skinned to get away with that.
Purple lipstick? Naw, that looks stupid on all girls!
I remember one time I went to Craigslist to find something; that's how bad I wanted it. It was a pair of Raf Simons - this was like 2010. But Raf said he was going to make them for me.
Fashion is almost like a religion, for me at least.
Design my own line? No, I just like the culture.
I'm not a gay rights activist.
For instance, one big issue in hip hop is the gay thing. It's 2013, and it's a shame that, to this day, that topic still gets people all excited. It's crazy. And it makes me upset that this topic even matters when it comes to hip hop, because it makes it seem like everybody in hip hop is small-minded or stupid - and that's not the case.
For me, growing up in Harlem and then migrating down to SoHo and the Lower East Side and chillin' down there and making that my stomping ground... That was a big thing, because I'm from Harlem, and downtown is more artsy and also more open-minded. So I got the best of both worlds.
There was a time when someone would get on a plane and request to move their seat just because the person sitting next to them was of a different ethnicity or religion or nationality. But I don't think my generation wants that. That's how it used to be.
I really want to do the unexpected, and I think that's what I did when I executed 'Long.Live.A$AP.' I wanted people to really see the message and that I'm an artist who not only has the capability of rapping, but of composing great music both for people of my generation and for people with different backgrounds.
I represent the kids who come from nothing but who understand it all and love it all. That's what I represent - those are the cool kids, you know, the kids of tomorrow, because who would've known that I'd be who I am today? We are the kids of tomorrow.
I wanted to model when I was younger.
I would not consider myself to be a quote unquote real New York rapper. I don't even like New York rappers.
New York gave me hell for that 'Purple Swag,' man. They didn't respect me until 'Peso.'
I used to go to Saks, I would go to Bergdorf, I would go to Barneys, I would go to thrift stores in SoHo.
It bring a tear to my eye to see native New York people give me my props because New York is stubborn and arrogant.
I'm getting my respect as a video director. The fashion industry respects me and knows who I am.
So for me, fashion was about standing out as an individual - and it helped me get the attention that most people try to get with publicity stunts or by doing other crazy things. But I just let the attention come to me naturally, and I think some of that has to do with my fashion.
Everybody should be able to enjoy their life, because you only live once. So I just want to get it all out there and be the best role model that I can be, if people want to put me in that kind of predicament. I mean, I didn't ask to be a role model, because I'm not perfect.
I wanted to appeal to people who've never really listened to hip-hop or really given it a chance before. I've also tried to incorporate all my favorite lifestyle things in the music. Of course, 'Fashion Killa' is one of peoples' favorites because it just expresses how much I like fashion.
I take cabs if I need to get somewhere or I take car service. I don't drive, I wouldn't mind riding a bike... People think that because you become an entertainer you gotta have this rock star thug image. I'm an artist, man. I'm going to live like an artist.
It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences.
There are no new ideas. There are only new ways of making them felt.
I remember how being young and black and gay and lonely felt. A lot of it was fine, feeling I had the truth and the light and the key, but a lot of it was purely hell.
If I didn't define myself for myself, I would be crunched into other people's fantasies for me and eaten alive.
Attend me, hold me in your muscular flowering arms, protect me from throwing any part of myself away.
Black women are programmed to define ourselves within this male attention and to compete with each other for it rather than to recognize and move upon our common interests.
Black women sharing close ties with each other, politically or emotionally, are not the enemies of Black men.
Black writers, of whatever quality, who step outside the pale of what black writers are supposed to write about, or who black writers are supposed to be, are condemned to silences in black literary circles that are as total and as destructive as any imposed by racism.
But the question is a matter of the survival and the teaching. That's what our work comes down to. No matter where we key into it, it's the same work, just different pieces of ourselves doing it.
But the true feminist deals out of a lesbian consciousness whether or not she ever sleeps with women.
But, on the other hand, I get bored with racism too and recognize that there are still many things to be said about a Black person and a White person loving each other in a racist society.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
I can't really define it in sexual terms alone although our sexuality is so energizing why not enjoy it too?
I have come to believe over and over again that what is most important to me must be spoken, made verbal and shared, even at the risk of having it bruised or misunderstood.
I would like to do another piece of fiction dealing with a number of issues: Lesbian parenting, the 1960's, and interracial relationships in the Lesbian and Gay community.
In discussions around the hiring and firing of Black faculty at universities, the charge is frequently heard that Black women are more easily hired than are Black men.
In other words, I would be giving in to a myth of sameness which I think can destroy us.
In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is a reason for celebration and growth, rather than a reason for destruction.
It's a struggle but that's why we exist, so that another generation of Lesbians of color will not have to invent themselves, or their history, all over again.
It's possible to take that as a personal metaphor and then multiply it to a people, a race, a sex, a time. If we can keep this thing going long enough, if we can survive and teach what we know, we'll make it.
Only by learning to live in harmony with your contradictions can you keep it all afloat.
Part of the lesbian consciousness is an absolute recognition of the erotic within our lives and, taking that a step further, dealing with the erotic not only in sexual terms.
The master's tools will never dismantle the master's house.
There are lesbians, God knows... if you came up through lesbian circles in the forties and fifties in New York... who were not feminist and would not call themselves feminists.
There's always someone asking you to underline one piece of yourself - whether it's Black, woman, mother, dyke, teacher, etc. - because that's the piece that they need to key in to. They want to dismiss everything else.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.
I never think of myself as an icon. What is in other people's minds is not in my mind. I just do my thing.
I never thought I'd land in pictures with a face like mine.
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
There are certain shades of limelight that can wreck a girl's complexion.
I was asked to act when I couldn't act. I was asked to sing 'Funny Face' when I couldn't sing, and dance with Fred Astaire when I couldn't dance - and do all kinds of things I wasn't prepared for. Then I tried like mad to cope with it.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
It's that wonderful old-fashioned idea that others come first and you come second. This was the whole ethic by which I was brought up. Others matter more than you do, so 'don't fuss, dear; get on with it.'
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
I'm half-Irish, half-Dutch, and I was born in Belgium. If I was a dog, I'd be in a hell of a mess!
I believe in manicures. I believe in overdressing. I believe in primping at leisure and wearing lipstick. I believe in pink. I believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and... I believe in miracles.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live.
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue.
Wealth is the product of man's capacity to think.
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).
When man learns to understand and control his own behavior as well as he is learning to understand and control the behavior of crop plants and domestic animals, he may be justified in believing that he has become civilized.
The man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap.
The worst guilt is to accept an unearned guilt.
Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another.
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.
Potentially, a government is the most dangerous threat to man's rights: it holds a legal monopoly on the use of physical force against legally disarmed victims.
Just as man can't exist without his body, so no rights can exist without the right to translate one's rights into reality, to think, to work and keep the results, which means: the right of property.
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.
Only the man who does not need it, is fit to inherit wealth, the man who would make his fortune no matter where he started.
God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive.
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
-1
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. We were strangers once, too.
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.
We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things. Everyone should try to realize their full potential.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a certain poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. Because it's only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you realize your true potential.
Issues are never simple. One thing I'm proud of is that very rarely will you hear me simplify the issues.
We proved that we are still a people capable of doing big things and tackling our biggest challenges.
But what we can do, as flawed as we are, is still see God in other people, and do our best to help them find their own grace. That's what I strive to do, that's what I pray to do every day.
Now, as a nation, we don't promise equal outcomes, but we were founded on the idea everybody should have an equal opportunity to succeed. No matter who you are, what you look like, where you come from, you can make it. That's an essential promise of America. Where you start should not determine where you end up.
We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion. This isn't a matter of political correctness. It's a matter of understanding what makes us strong. The world respects us not just for our arsenal; it respects us for our diversity and our openness and the way we respect every faith.
That is America. That is America. Those bonds of affection; that common creed. We don't fear the future; we shape it. We embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own.
Over the last 15 months, we've traveled to every corner of the United States. I've now been in 57 states? I think one left to go.
We have real enemies in the world. These enemies must be found. They must be pursued and they must be defeated.
John Kerry believes in an America where hard work is rewarded.
There's not a liberal America and a conservative America - there's the United States of America.
It took a lot of blood, sweat and tears to get to where we are today, but we have just begun. Today we begin in earnest the work of making sure that the world we leave our children is just a little bit better than the one we inhabit today.
Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.
We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent.
Community colleges play an important role in helping people transition between careers by providing the retooling they need to take on a new career.
My job is not to represent Washington to you, but to represent you to Washington.
With the changing economy, no one has lifetime employment. But community colleges provide lifetime employability.
My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success.
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Plagiarists, at least, have the merit of preservation.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
No man is regular in his attendance at the House of Commons until he is married.
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Let the fear of a danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.
There is moderation even in excess.
Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit.
Moderation is the center wherein all philosophies, both human and divine, meet.
The choicest pleasures of life lie within the ring of moderation.
There is no index of character so sure as the voice.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.
Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
To tax the community for the advantage of a class is not protection: it is plunder.
Silence is the mother of truth.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today.
Well done is better than well said.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it.
There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one's self.
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
You may delay, but time will not.
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.
Lost time is never found again.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move.
Genius without education is like silver in the mine.
Hunger is the best pickle.
The absent are never without fault, nor the present without excuse.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
And whether you're an honest man, or whether you're a thief, depends on whose solicitor has given me my brief.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
The demand for certainty is one which is natural to man, but is nevertheless an intellectual vice.
Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling?
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
Mathematics takes us into the region of absolute necessity, to which not only the actual word, but every possible word, must conform.
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as poetry.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.
The universe may have a purpose, but nothing we know suggests that, if so, this purpose has any similarity to ours.
I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return.
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
Sin is geographical.
The observer, when he seems to himself to be observing a stone, is really, if physics is to be believed, observing the effects of the stone upon himself.
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years.
Order, unity, and continuity are human inventions, just as truly as catalogues and encyclopedias.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.
The audience today has heard every joke. They know every plot. They know where you're going before you even start. That's a tough audience to surprise, and a tough audience to write for. It's much more competitive now, because the audience is so much more - I want to say 'sophisticated.'
I was one of the first women producers in Hollywood.
Retirement is not in my vocabulary. They aren't going to get rid of me that way.
I've enjoyed the opposite sex a lot. Always have. Always will.
I have a two-story house and a bad memory, so I'm up and down those stairs all the time. That's my exercise.
I love Cadillacs and name them after birds.
I don't care who anybody sleeps with. If a couple has been together all that time - and there are gay relationships that are more solid than some heterosexual ones - I think it's fine if they want to get married. I don't know how people can get so anti-something.
Wilderness is harder and harder to find these days on this beautiful planet, and we're abusing our planet to the point of almost no return.
I go out to the kitchen to feed the dog, but that's about as much cooking as I do.
I'm having the time of my life and the fact that I'm still working - how lucky can you get? I'm 90 years old and still able to work as much as I do. That's a privilege.
I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.
Well, I mean, if a joke or humor is bawdy, it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.
I always wanted to be a zookeeper when I was growing up, and I've wound up a zookeeper! I've been working with the Los Angeles Zoo for 45 years! I'm the luckiest old broad on two feet because my life is divided absolutely in half - half animals and half show business. You can't ask for better than two things you love the most.
I think that a show that is as successful as 'The Golden Girls' is a once-in-a-lifetime thing. If you don't feel proud to be part of a show that has that kind of track record, then shame on you, because that's a privilege.
Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone else's.
Doing drama is, in a sense, easier. In doing comedy, if you don't get that laugh, there's something wrong.
Hot dogs and Red Vines and potato chips and French fries are my favorite foods.
I may be a senior, but so what? I'm still hot.
I think older women still have a full life.
I really don't care with whom you sleep. I just care what kind of a decent human being you are.
Animal lover that I am, a cougar I am not.
When I realized I could use Facebook as a way to communicate directly with my fans, I thought it would be a great idea.
I'm the luckiest broad on two feet, I'll tell you that. They say once a woman passes 40 she doesn't get any good parts, so I'm blessed.
I didn't know what Facebook was, and now that I do know what it is, I have to say, it sounds like a huge waste of time.
A lady likes to be complimented on her looks, her eyes, her figure. But the personality comments are much appreciated.
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so it's part of everyday life.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
We all need people who will give us feedback. That's how we improve.
Software innovation, like almost every other kind of innovation, requires the ability to collaborate and share ideas with other people, and to sit down and talk with customers and get their feedback and understand their needs.
We are not even close to finishing the basic dream of what the PC can be.
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
I'm sorry that we have to have a Washington presence. We thrived during our first 16 years without any of this. I never made a political visit to Washington and we had no people here. It wasn't on our radar screen. We were just making great software.
There are people who don't like capitalism, and people who don't like PCs. But there's no-one who likes the PC who doesn't like Microsoft.
At Microsoft there are lots of brilliant ideas but the image is that they all come from the top - I'm afraid that's not quite right.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Like almost everyone who uses e-mail, I receive a ton of spam every day. Much of it offers to help me get out of debt or get rich quick. It would be funny if it weren't so exciting.
When the PC was launched, people knew it was important.
When you want to do your homework, fill out your tax return, or see all the choices for a trip you want to take, you need a full-size screen.
I actually thought that it would be a little confusing during the same period of your life to be in one meeting when you're trying to make money, and then go to another meeting where you're giving it away. I mean is it gonna erode your ability, you know, to make money? Are you gonna somehow get confused about what you're trying to do?
We've got to put a lot of money into changing behavior.
Microsoft is not about greed. It's about innovation and fairness.
People everywhere love Windows.
The U.S. couldn't even get rid of Saddam Hussein. And we all know that the EU is just a passing fad. They'll be killing each other again in less than a year. I'm sick to death of all these fascist lawsuits.
DOS is ugly and interferes with users' experience.
In real life, I'm a really smiley person. I smile when I talk and I laugh.
There are alway going to be bad things. But you can write it down and make a song out of it.
If I'm in a bad mood, or if I'm uncomfortable, it's probably what I'm wearing that's making me feel that way.
I really love Linkin Park, and I loved Chester Bennington, and it is horrible what happened to him. I grew up listening to him because my dad would make these mixtapes with a lot of different artists - Linkin Park, Avril Lavigne, The Beatles, Sarah McLachlan, I just really loved Linkin Park, and their production is really sick.
I go through a lot of depression, and I know other people do, too, but I have an outlet that so many people don't. If you have that inside of you and can't get it out, what do you do?
Words are more powerful than some noises. Noises won't last long. Lyrics are so important, and people don't realise that.
I think everybody deserves an equal amount of appreciation whether how old they are, but I mean, I'm cool with the praise. I'm good.
Writing a song is so personal. You have to have trust in someone you're working with; otherwise, you're not gonna come out with something that's really you.
Smiling makes me feel weak and not in control and not powerful and small.
I hate smiling. It makes me feel weak and powerless and small. I've always been like that; I don't smile in any pictures.
I like to be in control of how I look and how I feel and how I act.
In the public eye, girls and women with strong perspectives are hated. If you're a girl with an opinion, people just hate you. There are still people who are afraid of successful women, and that's so lame.
I always wanted to be a Vine star. I wasn't, thank God.
All of the Vines that were acted &amp; setup &amp; had nice cameras, those weren't the good Vines. The good Vines were, like, a random little kid in the middle of a forest, like, yelling.
Clothing &amp; fashion are kind of my security blanket, almost.
You can write a song about being in love with someone, but you don't have to be in love with anyone.
When I write, I try to become different characters.
We uploaded 'Ocean Eyes' to SoundCloud, and it started getting a lot of plays pretty much immediately.
I don't know how to function without music. When I'm not making it, I'm listening to it. It gives me courage and takes care of my mind.
Aside from singing, I'm also a dancer. I've been dancing since I was 8.
Pretty much my whole life, I've been a performer and have loved singing and writing songs in my room for my own ears.
I never thought a career as a musician was possible.
Bellyache' is totally fictional. I like writing about things that aren't real. The song is about not trusting anyone and then putting trust in yourself and realizing that you don't know what you are doing, either. Or realizing that things you do with a group of people that you think are cool in the moment are ultimately all on you.
I've always been a singer. I never really decided I was gonna be a singer. It just kind of - I just sung a lot.
I play piano and ukulele, and I taught myself those things just because I wanted to play them.
Me and my brother get along super well. We're, like, best friends. So we'll stay up until, like, five just talking because we get along and, you know, it's cool. And he respects my opinions, and I respect his, even if we don't have the same opinions, but a lot of the time we do.
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Prayer is simply a two-way conversation between you and God.
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.
You're born. You suffer. You die. Fortunately, there's a loophole.
The only time my prayers are never answered is on the golf course.
If we had more hell in the pulpit, we would have less hell in the pew.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Comfort and prosperity have never enriched the world as much as adversity has.
Only those who want everything done for them are bored.
A real Christian is a person who can give his pet parrot to the town gossip.
I've read the last page of the Bible. It's all going to turn out all right.
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.
Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.
The men who followed Him were unique in their generation. They turned the world upside down because their hearts had been turned right side up. The world has never been the same.
My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
We are not cisterns made for hoarding, we are channels made for sharing.
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
Man is but a reed, the most feeble thing in nature, but he is a thinking reed.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.
Too much and too little wine. Give him none, he cannot find truth; give him too much, the same.
Do you wish people to think well of you? Don't speak well of yourself.
People are generally better persuaded by the reasons which they have themselves discovered than by those which have come in to the mind of others.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't.
Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarrelled with him?
The present letter is a very long one, simply because I had no leisure to make it shorter.
If all men knew what others say of them, there would not be four friends in the world.
We view things not only from different sides, but with different eyes; we have no wish to find them alike.
Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Justice without force is powerless; force without justice is tyrannical.
Faith is different from proof; the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.
In each action we must look beyond the action at our past, present, and future state, and at others whom it affects, and see the relations of all those things. And then we shall be very cautious.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
Contradiction is not a sign of falsity, nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.
Earnestness is enthusiasm tempered by reason.
Faith embraces many truths which seem to contradict each other.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
I don't think I've ever been an agnostic. I've always thought there's a superior power, that this is not the real world and that there's a world to come.
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
He not busy being born is busy dying.
I'm just glad to be feeling better. I really thought I'd be seeing Elvis soon.
The radio makes hideous sounds.
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding.
A poem is a naked person... Some people say that I am a poet.
At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage.
Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be.
Being noticed can be a burden. Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed. So I disappear a lot.
Being on tour is like being in limbo. It's like going from nowhere to nowhere.
Democracy don't rule the world, You'd better get that in your head; This world is ruled by violence, But I guess that's better left unsaid.
I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.
I have dined with kings, I've been offered wings. And I've never been too impressed.
I say there're no depressed words just depressed minds.
I think a poet is anybody who wouldn't call himself a poet.
I'm speaking for all of us. I'm the spokesman for a generation.
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold.
Man is a universe within himself.
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
If you get down and quarell everyday, you're saying prayers to the devil, I say.
My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.
Me only have one ambition, y'know. I only have one thing I really like to see happen. I like to see mankind live together - black, white, Chinese, everyone - that's all.
People want to listen to a message, word from Jah. This could be passed through me or anybody. I am not a leader. Messenger. The words of the songs, not the person, is what attracts people.
I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!
Every time I plant a seed, He say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.
Rastafari not a culture, it's a reality.
Bob Marley isn't my name. I don't even know my name yet.
In this bright future you can't forget your past.
When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
My future is righteousness.
Tell the children the truth.
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction.
I understand Pat Mahomes is off to a good start. I'm not ready to crown him four games into his career, but he's definitely playing well.
Offense is about rhythm and timing, and you're not going to always have that every game.
I'm a little old-school.
I follow Texas A&amp;M very closely, having worked with the SEC Network.
I do have a fear of heights.
My family can tell you I'm not really a guy that likes roller coasters. I don't like going on Ferris wheels. I've got a six-feet rule; I like my feet no more than five, six feet from the ground at all times.
These diva wide receivers want to go to the bathroom. As a defensive lineman, we didn't go to the bathroom.
Momma told me, 'I'm going to town. Don't touch the trash in the backyard,' because we used to burn our trash. So I'm going to do mama a favor. I light the trash and go back inside to watch Ohio State and LSU play. And something said, 'You know what, at halftime, go check on it.' And fire is about 8 feet from the back door.
Now if anyone calls me Anthony, I usually don't respond.
Playing defense, it was a tough job, but it was pretty simple: When the ball came off, get in the backfield and create havoc and find the ball carrier.
When I talk about football from a studio standpoint, I try to cut through the minutia and get to the point.
You watch guys talk about football, and you think that maybe it's really easy, and it's really not. Yeah, we've got the expertise because we played, but how you put that into a 30-, 45-second take and educate and entertain someone that's watching?
Like a good play-caller, a good TV guy, if you get going on a good conversation, you can ad-lib a little bit. You keep it going. Just like in a game, if you call a couple plays and they're working, you come back to them.
Winning - when the game is big, that's all that matters. There's the hoopla, the halftime concerts, whatever. But people always remember who wins. They never remember who loses.
Quarterbacks will make plays; they always do. But I think the team that runs the ball the best will win.
Ohio State is an up and down team.
Every team has its weakness, and every team has its strength.
You can be a great defensive player, and if you don't put up splash statistics, then you're not going to get noticed.
In my opinion, a lot of NFL broadcasts are not fun to watch.
I've always lived by a quote, 'Your talent will make room for you.' Whatever it is in life. I don't care who you are. If you get an opportunity, your talent will make room for you.
Mike Greenberg and I are really good friends.
The way I look at it is I try to take advantage of every opportunity I've got.
I'm a small-town kid from Winnsboro, La., who grew up not really being comfortable talking to people.
I watch all sports in some shape or form. When you grow up in a small town, sports becomes a form of you.
Our idea of fun wasn't going to Disney World. It was, you want to play basketball, go outside, and make a goal. You want to play baseball? Take the old broom, take the handle off, take a tennis ball that we found somewhere, and go play baseball. We were forced to create things.
I never said I want to be the football guy. But when that opportunity started to become real, I said, 'Okay, let's see where this goes.'
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
One man cannot hold another man down in the ditch without remaining down in the ditch with him.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
Character is power.
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Character, not circumstances, makes the man.
There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.
No man, who continues to add something to the material, intellectual and moral well-being of the place in which he lives, is left long without proper reward.
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.
To hold a man down, you have to stay down with him.
We must reinforce argument with results.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Dignify and glorify common labor. It is at the bottom of life that we must begin, not at the top.
We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers.
No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem.
The individual who can do something that the world wants done will, in the end, make his way regardless of his race.
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.
No greater injury can be done to any youth than to let him feel that because he belongs to this or that race he will be advanced in life regardless of his own merits or efforts.
When you get to a place where you understand that love and belonging, your worthiness, is a birthright and not something you have to earn, anything is possible.
First and foremost, we need to be the adults we want our children to be. We should watch our own gossiping and anger. We should model the kindness we want to see.
Kids who have an understanding of how and why their feelings are what they are are much more likely to talk to us about what's happening, and they have better skills to work it out.
Maybe stories are just data with a soul.
You're imperfect, and you're wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging.
Vulnerability is not weakness. And that myth is profoundly dangerous.
You cannot talk about race without talking about privilege. And when people start talking about privilege, they get paralyzed by shame.
Anonymous comments? You're not in the arena, man. If you can't say it to me in person in front of my kids, don't say it.
There is no innovation and creativity without failure. Period.
I'm like a recovering perfectionist. For me it's one day at a time.
In many ways, September feels like the busiest time of the year: The kids go back to school, work piles up after the summer's dog days, and Thanksgiving is suddenly upon us.
The moment someone asks you to do something you don't have the time or inclination to do is fraught with vulnerability.
Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
Vulnerability is basically uncertainty, risk, and emotional exposure.
I spent a lot of years trying to outrun or outsmart vulnerability by making things certain and definite, black and white, good and bad. My inability to lean into the discomfort of vulnerability limited the fullness of those important experiences that are wrought with uncertainty: Love, belonging, trust, joy, and creativity to name a few.
The difficult thing is that vulnerability is the first thing I look for in you and the last thing I'm willing to show you. In you, it's courage and daring. In me, it's weakness.
Vulnerability is about showing up and being seen. It's tough to do that when we're terrified about what people might see or think.
If you think dealing with issues like worthiness and authenticity and vulnerability are not worthwhile because there are more pressing issues, like the bottom line or attendance or standardized test scores, you are sadly, sadly mistaken. It underpins everything.
My husband's a pediatrician, so he and I talk about parenting all the time. You can't raise children who have more shame resilience than you do.
One of the things I did when I discovered this huge importance of being vulnerable is very happily moved away from the shame research, because that's such a downer, and people hate that topic. It's not that vulnerability is the upside, but it's better than shame, I guess.
Through my research, I found that vulnerability is the glue that holds relationships together. It's the magic sauce.
Shame is the most powerful, master emotion. It's the fear that we're not good enough.
Men walk this tightrope where any sign of weakness illicits shame, and so they're afraid to make themselves vulnerable for fear of looking weak.
The best marriages are the ones where we can go out in the world and really put ourselves out there. A lot of times we'll fail, and sometimes we'll pull it off. But good marriages are when you can go home and know that your vulnerability will be honored as courage, and that you'll find support.
I carry a small sheet of paper in my wallet that has written on it the names of people whose opinions of me matter. To be on that list, you have to love me for my strengths and struggles.
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, 'What's in it for me?'
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.
If you raise your children to feel that they can accomplish any goal or task they decide upon, you will have succeeded as a parent and you will have given your children the greatest of all blessings.
It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.
The more you seek security, the less of it you have. But the more you seek opportunity, the more likely it is that you will achieve the security that you desire.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
Practice Golden-Rule 1 of Management in everything you do. Manage others the way you would like to be managed.
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Relationships are the hallmark of the mature person.
Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Successful people are simply those with successful habits.
Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience.
We will always tend to fulfill our own expectation of ourselves.
Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Ever since I was a child I have had this instinctive urge for expansion and growth. To me, the function and duty of a quality human being is the sincere and honest development of one's potential.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
You just wait. I'm going to be the biggest Chinese Star in the world.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Man, the living creature, the creating individual, is always more important than any established style or system.
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
As you think, so shall you become.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
A jug fills drop by drop.
I am not the first Buddha who came upon Earth, nor shall I be the last. In due time, another Buddha will arise in the world - a Holy One, a supremely enlightened One, endowed with wisdom in conduct, auspicious, knowing the universe, an incomparable leader of men, a master of angels and mortals.
A woman of the world is anxious to exhibit her form and shape, whether walking, standing, sitting, or sleeping. Even when represented as a picture, she desires to captivate with the charms of her beauty and, thus, to rob men of their steadfast heart.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
Advertising is the life of trade.
Mass demand has been created almost entirely through the development of advertising.
Patriotism is easy to understand in America. It means looking out for yourself by looking out for your country.
Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery.
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
No man ever listened himself out of a job.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
When large numbers of men are unable to find work, unemployment results.
Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still.
In the discharge of the duties of this office, there is one rule of action more important than all others. It consists in never doing anything that someone else can do for you.
The right thing to do never requires any subterfuge, it is always simple and direct.
Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.
The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten.
When people are bewildered they tend to become credulous.
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.
Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion.
You can tell by the kindness of a dog how a human should be.
You can almost judge how screwed up somebody is by the kind of toilet paper they use. Go in any rich house and it's some weird coloured embossed stuff.
With my voice and my band, I can do anything.
When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.
The wind is a very difficult sound to get. It's always changing.
The stars are matter, we're matter, but it doesn't matter.
That Sid Vicious was obviously a schizophrenic, kind of a mean one too.
Most of modern rock and roll is a product of guilt.
Man has done a lot to make himself dangerous and animals get the worst of all of it. But then, man too is an animal.
Johnny Rotten. He's a big fan of mine. I used to see him out in the audience in England and he'd stand up and holler. He's funny. Smart too, and a nice guy. Don't think he's a jerk because he isn't.
James Brown is important because he decorates the clock correctly and he's good with lower mathematics. Don't get me wrong - he's good.
I'm interested in playing, not working.
I'd rather play a tune on a horn, but I've always felt that I didn't want to train myself. Because when you get a train, you've got to have an engine and a caboose. I think it's better to train the caboose. You train yourself, you strain yourself.
I'd never just want to do what everybody else did. I'd be contributing to the sameness of everything.
I would never kill a living thing, although I probably have inadvertently while driving automobiles.
I think Shakespeare is really the one. Words as music and music as words. Everything he wrote was good, which is really frightening.
I think most people try to get others to see through their eyes.
I needed to purge myself of all the attention my parents had given me - I wasn't neglected enough as a child.
I live in a Mobile Home - I've never had a house, except once; I rented a log cabin.
I have no neighbours other than animals and Joshua Trees.
I don't think artists are made, I think they're born.
I don't look like a desert person because I stay indoors most of the day and fool around at night. That's what the desert animals do - they don't have a tan either.
I don't even know what sound is, much less what it's for. It isn't to make money that's for sure. I've never made any.
I don't do lullabyes.
But I have been in some very beautiful churches, then I've looked outside and seen people starving to death.
Bob Dylan impresses me about as much as... well, I was gonna say a slug but I like slugs.
It's just like, damn - I'm competing with myself.
If you want it, and the more you keep hearing you can't have it, you just go and get it.
People want me to be so full of shame that I used to dance. I would never be ashamed of it. I made a lot of money. I had a good time, and it showed me a lot.
I cannot turn my life back around. I'm already a public figure, I'm famous... It's like, I might as well keep it going, might as well make the money.
I was a little hesitant to do 'Love &amp; Hip-Hop' because sometimes reality TV can be good for your music career and sometimes bad.
I don't want my personality to overshadow my talent.
To see the positive reaction to my music makes me feel good.
I had very strict parents, I could never go outside or go to parties.
My mom kicked me out a couple of weeks before my 18th birthday. I had a job for about six, seven months at a supermarket, and they fired me for being late.
I was a loner; I was never the crazy party girl.
I'd rather have money and be broken-hearted than be broke and broken-hearted.
Being a feminist is being equal to do what a man do.
Music never felt like a job.
I wanna hear myself everywhere.
Say yes to everything. 'You want me to buy you some food?' Yes. 'You want me to buy you a car?' Yes.
I'm an emotional gangster. I cry once every month.
The faster I make a lot of money, the faster I can have these kids I want.
I'm an October baby, yes.
I was always scared to follow my dreams because if I follow my dreams and I fail, I can't dream about it anymore. It's easier to settle for less.
I do feel kind of guilty sometimes 'cause, like, I could buy myself a $5,000 dress or a $3,000 dress, and I'm buying these things, but I'm knowing that my cousin need money for the rent. And then I gotta tell myself, 'Stop feeling guilty. You worked for this.'
Am I ever gonna grow thick skin? No.
I'm gonna be famous forever.
I'll do something that brings me a check.
Ever since I started using guys, I feel so much better about myself. I feel so much more powerful.
If a girl have beef with me, she gon' have beef with me forever.
I have a passion for music; I love music. But I also have a passion for money and paying my bills.
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
The greatest and most important problems of life are all fundamentally insoluble. They can never be solved but only outgrown.
The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
The word 'belief' is a difficult thing for me. I don't believe. I must have a reason for a certain hypothesis. Either I know a thing, and then I know it - I don't need to believe it.
Great talents are the most lovely and often the most dangerous fruits on the tree of humanity. They hang upon the most slender twigs that are easily snapped off.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
Shrinking away from death is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose.
Neurosis is always a substitute for legitimate suffering.
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
In my case Pilgrim's Progress consisted in my having to climb down a thousand ladders until I could reach out my hand to the little clod of earth that I am.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
We're in very bad trouble if we don't understand the planet we're trying to save.
There is a wide, yawning black infinity. In every direction, the extension is endless; the sensation of depth is overwhelming. And the darkness is immortal. Where light exists, it is pure, blazing, fierce; but light exists almost nowhere, and the blackness itself is also pure and blazing and fierce.
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.
I can find in my undergraduate classes, bright students who do not know that the stars rise and set at night, or even that the Sun is a star.
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.
All of the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in a single large American city in a single year. Not all bits have equal value.
The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition.
Who are we? We find that we live on an insignificant planet of a humdrum star lost in a galaxy tucked away in some forgotten corner of a universe in which there are far more galaxies than people.
I am often amazed at how much more capability and enthusiasm for science there is among elementary school youngsters than among college students.
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense.
If we long to believe that the stars rise and set for us, that we are the reason there is a Universe, does science do us a disservice in deflating our conceits?
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.
Our species needs, and deserves, a citizenry with minds wide awake and a basic understanding of how the world works.
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
When things are a disappointment, try not to be so discouraged.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
I liked myself better when I wasn't me.
Celebrity was a long time in coming; it will go away. Everything goes away.
Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head.
I don't have false teeth. Do you think I'd buy teeth like these?
Comedy is tragedy - plus time.
My grandmother and I followed my mother here, to a house a block north of Hollywood Boulevard but a million miles away from Hollywood, if you know what I mean. We would hang out behind the ropes and look at the movie stars arriving at the premieres.
My grandmother and I saw an average of eight movies a week, double features, second run.
Well, I don't know how astute I am, but I did want to be a journalist when I was growing up.
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
You know, one wonderful thing that came out of my Enquirer experience is that, in my case, it was ruled tabloids are magazines. Which means they didn't have the protection that a newspaper has.
But I didn't ask to have somebody nose around in my private life. I didn't even ask to be famous. All I asked was to be able to earn a living making people laugh.
But I don't begrudge anybody, because I know how hard it is to have that dream and to make it happen, whether or not it's just to put a roof over your head and food on the table.
My interesting diet tips are eat early and don't nosh between meals. I mean, I can pack it away.
Because nobody goes through life without a scar.
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
We don't stop going to school when we graduate.
You have to go through the falling down in order to learn to walk. It helps to know that you can survive it. That's an education in itself.
I wish my mother had left me something about how she felt growing up. I wish my grandmother had done the same. I wanted my girls to know me.
It's also selfish because it makes you feel good when you help others. I've been helped by acts of kindness from strangers. That's why we're here, after all, to help others.
We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.
Preservation of one's own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures.
When poor people get involved in a long conflict, such as a strike or a civil rights drive, and the pressure increases each day, there is a deep need for spiritual advice. Without it, we see families crumble, leadership weaken, and hard workers grow tired.
In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence.
You are never strong enough that you don't need help.
There is no such thing as defeat in non-violence.
We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure.
The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.
Students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. They must learn to think and act for themselves - and be free.
If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart.
We need to help students and parents cherish and preserve the ethnic and cultural diversity that nourishes and strengthens this community - and this nation.
From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength.
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit our lives are all that really belong to us. So it is how we use our lives that determines the kind of men we are.
Since the Church is to be servant to the poor, it is our fault if that wealth is not channeled to help the poor in our world.
We farm workers are closest to food production. We were the first to recognize the serious health hazards of agriculture pesticides to both consumers and ourselves.
What we do know absolutely is that human lives are worth more than grapes and that innocent-looking grapes on the table may disguise poisonous residues hidden deep inside where washing cannot reach.
It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life. I am convinced that the truest act of courage, the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally non-violent struggle for justice.
To be a man is to suffer for others. God help us to be men!
There are vivid memories from my childhood - what we had to go through because of low wages and the conditions, basically because there was no union. I suppose, if I wanted to be fair, I could say that I'm trying to settle a personal score. I could dramatize it by saying that I want to bring social justice to farm workers.
The end of all knowledge should be service to others.
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.
The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you.
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all directions.
Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
God doesn't dwell in the wooden, stony or earthen idols. His abode is in our feelings, our thoughts.
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
O wise man! Give your wealth only to the worthy and never to others. The water of the sea received by the clouds is always sweet.
As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family.
Do not reveal what you have thought upon doing, but by wise council keep it secret being determined to carry it into execution.
Test a servant while in the discharge of his duty, a relative in difficulty, a friend in adversity, and a wife in misfortune.
As long as your body is healthy and under control and death is distant, try to save your soul; when death is immanent what can you do?
The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability.
The life of an uneducated man is as useless as the tail of a dog which neither covers its rear end, nor protects it from the bites of insects.
It is better to die than to preserve this life by incurring disgrace. The loss of life causes but a moment's grief, but disgrace brings grief every day of one's life.
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment.
Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style.
I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life.
It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way.
Humanity, you never had it to begin with.
Never get out of bed before noon.
To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.
I don't like jail, they got the wrong kind of bars in there.
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.
There will always be something to ruin our lives, it all depends on what or which finds us first. We are always ripe and ready to be taken.
If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
There are women who can make you feel more with their bodies and their souls, but these are the exact women who will turn the knife into you right in front of the crowd. Of course, I expect this, but the knife still cuts.
The female loves to play man against man. And if she is in a position to do it, there is not one who will resist.
The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation.
Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
When I write, when I'm going hot, I don't want to write more than four hours in a row. After that, you're pushing it.
We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other, but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities. We are eaten up by nothing.
I don't like the clean-shaven boy with the necktie and the good job. I like desperate men, men with broken teeth and broken minds and broken ways. They interest me. They are full of surprises and explosions.
We must, however, acknowledge, as it seems to me, that man with all his noble qualities... still bears in his bodily frame the indelible stamp of his lowly origin.
We can allow satellites, planets, suns, universe, nay whole systems of universes, to be governed by laws, but the smallest insect, we wish to be created at once by special act.
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Animals, whom we have made our slaves, we do not like to consider our equal.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
An American monkey, after getting drunk on brandy, would never touch it again, and thus is much wiser than most men.
The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us; and I for one must be content to remain an agnostic.
At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace the savage races throughout the world.
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.
False facts are highly injurious to the progress of science, for they often endure long; but false views, if supported by some evidence, do little harm, for every one takes a salutary pleasure in proving their falseness.
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone.
I cannot persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent God would have designedly created parasitic wasps with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of Caterpillars.
I am turned into a sort of machine for observing facts and grinding out conclusions.
My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts.
I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason.
How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children.
Man is descended from a hairy, tailed quadruped, probably arboreal in its habits.
It is a cursed evil to any man to become as absorbed in any subject as I am in mine.
I have tried lately to read Shakespeare, and found it so intolerably dull that it nauseated me.
The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, we gain no scientific explanation.
To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact.
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!
Let us be moral. Let us contemplate existence.
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
The whole difference between construction and creation is exactly this: that a thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists.
Whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do it well; whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself completely; in great aims and in small I have always thoroughly been in earnest.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Papa, potatoes, poultry, prunes and prism, are all very good words for the lips.
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together.
This is a world of action, and not for moping and droning in.
We are so very 'umble.
An idea, like a ghost, must be spoken to a little before it will explain itself.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
You don't carry in your countenance a letter of recommendation.
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.
Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Do you spell it with a 'V' or a 'W'?' inquired the judge. 'That depends upon the taste and fancy of the speller, my Lord'.
I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free.
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.
To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
One fails forward toward success.
You can be sincere and still be stupid.
People think of the inventor as a screwball, but no one ever asks the inventor what he thinks of other people.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.
It is not a disgrace to fail. Failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
You will never stub your toe standing still. The faster you go, the more chance there is of stubbing your toe, but the more chance you have of getting somewhere.
The biggest job we have is to teach a newly hired employee how to fail intelligently. We have to train him to experiment over and over and to keep on trying and failing until he learns what will work.
An inventor fails 999 times, and if he succeeds once, he's in. He treats his failures simply as practice shots.
The only difference between a problem and a solution is that people understand the solution.
Knowing is not understanding. There is a great difference between knowing and understanding: you can know a lot about something and not really understand it.
People are very open-minded about new things - as long as they're exactly like the old ones.
Inventing is a combination of brains and materials. The more brains you use, the less material you need.
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down.
A person must have a certain amount of intelligent ignorance to get anywhere.
We need to teach the highly educated man that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently, for failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
We often say that the biggest job we have is to teach a newly hired employee to fail intelligently... to experiment over and over again and to keep on trying and failing until he learns what will work.
We should all be concerned about the future because we will have to spend the rest of our lives there.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
There will always be a frontier where there is an open mind and a willing hand.
Problems are the price of progress. Don't bring me anything but trouble. Good news weakens me.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Words can never adequately convey the incredible impact of our attitudes toward life. The longer I live the more convinced I become that life is 10 percent what happens to us and 90 percent how we respond to it.
A teardrop on earth summons the King of heaven.
We really shouldn't look like a church.' I've heard that so much I want to vomit. 'Why?' I ask. 'Do you want your bank to look like a bank? Do you want your doctor's office to look like a doctor's office, or would you prefer your doctor to dress like a clown?'
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.
Alleged 'impossibilities' are opportunities for our capacities to be stretched.
The secret of living a life of excellence is merely a matter of thinking thoughts of excellence. Really, it's a matter of programming our minds with the kind of information that will set us free.
The swift wind of compromise is a lot more devastating than the sudden jolt of misfortune.
A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living.
When I think of vision, I have in mind the ability to see above and beyond the majority.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail.
I am often the brunt of my own humor.
I think it is important to begin with a statement in your speech that grabs the attention of the audience. I try to make my opening line 15 words or less.
I believe firmly in God's control in life.
We want a crowd to make us feel important and liked. But why is getting a crowd our focus? Jesus never suggested that crowds were the goal. He never addresses getting your church to grow. Never.
I'm not against screens, or new songs, or innovation. I just don't like the gimmicks. I want to know when worship is over that that leader's sole purpose was to glorify the Lord Jesus Christ.
It is easy for Christians to have the false impression that once we have established a relationship with Christ, which we believe sets us right with God, the problems of life will somehow scoot away or they will slowly be removed from our lives.
Not every Christian finds it easy to believe.
In prayer, we stand where angels bow with veiled faces. There, even there, the cherubim and seraphim adore before that selfsame throne to which our prayers ascend. And shall we come there with stunted requests and narrow, contracted faith?
Humility is to make a right estimate of one's self.
None are more unjust in their judgments of others than those who have a high opinion of themselves.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
You might not always get what you want, but you always get what you expect.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
By perseverance the snail reached the ark.
A vigorous temper is not altogether an evil. Men who are easy as an old shoe are generally of little worth.
It is not well to make great changes in old age.
Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties.
Beware of no man more than of yourself; we carry our worst enemies within us.
No one knows who is listening, say nothing you would not wish put in the newspapers.
Must is a hard nut to crack, but it has a sweet kernel.
We are all at times unconscious prophets.
Sincerity makes the very least person to be of more value than the most talented hypocrite.
No one is so miserable as the poor person who maintains the appearance of wealth.
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
Trials teach us what we are; they dig up the soil, and let us see what we are made of.
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
I would go to the deeps a hundred times to cheer a downcast spirit. It is good for me to have been afflicted, that I might know how to speak a word in season to one that is weary.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
I thought I would dress in baggy pants, big shoes, a cane and a derby hat. everything a contradiction: the pants baggy, the coat tight, the hat small and the shoes large.
I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born.
A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
That is why, no matter how desperate the predicament is, I am always very much in earnest about clutching my cane, straightening my derby hat and fixing my tie, even though I have just landed on my head.
Actors search for rejection. If they don't get it they reject themselves.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
I don't believe that the public knows what it wants; this is the conclusion that I have drawn from my career.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
I have no further use for America. I wouldn't go back there if Jesus Christ was President.
Why should poetry have to make sense?
We think too much and feel too little.
Words are cheap. The biggest thing you can say is 'elephant'.
What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning.
To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!
Try to forget what objects you have before you - a tree, a house, a field, or whatever. Merely think, 'Here is a little square of blue, here an oblong of pink, here a streak of yellow,' and paint it just as it looks to you, the exact color and shape, until it gives you your own impression of the scene before you.
My wish is to stay always like this, living quietly in a corner of nature.
I have always worked better alone and from my own impressions.
I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
My life has been nothing but a failure.
I am following Nature without being able to grasp her, I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
Color is my day-long obsession, joy and torment.
Eventually, my eyes were opened, and I really understood nature. I learned to love at the same time.
I have never had a studio, and I do not understand shutting oneself up in a room. To draw, yes; to paint, no.
I am working, but when one has ceased to do seascape, it is the devil afterward - very difficult; it changes at every instant, and here the weather varies several times in the same day.
I pass my time in the open air on the beach when it is really heavy weather or when the boats go out fishing.
I will do water - beautiful, blue water.
I am installed in a fairylike place. I do not know where to poke my head; everything is superb, and I would like to do everything, so I use up and squander lots of color, for there are trials to be made.
There, the grand lines of mountain and sea are admirable, and apart from the exotic vegetation that is here, Monte Carlo is certainly the most beautiful spot of the entire coast: the motifs there are more complete, more picturelike, and consequently easier to execute.
Etretat is becoming more and more amazing. Now is the real moment: the beach with all its fine boats; it is superb, and I am enraged not to be more skillful in rendering all this. I would need two hands and hundreds of canvases.
Finally here is a beautiful day, a superb sun like at Giverny. So I worked without stopping, for the tide at this moment is just as I need it for several motifs. This has bucked me up a bit.
It is extraordinary to see the sea; what a spectacle! She is so unfettered that one wonders whether it is possible that she again become calm.
For a long time, I have hoped for better days, but alas, today it is necessary for me to lose all hope. My poor wife suffers more and more. I do not think it is possible to be any weaker.
I wear myself out and struggle with the sun. And what a sun here! It would be necessary to paint here with gold and gemstones. It is wonderful.
Among the seascapes, I am doing the regattas of Le Havre with many figures on the beach and the outer harbor covered with small sails.
I do have a dream, a painting, the baths of La Grenouillere for which I've done a few bad rough sketches, but it is a dream. Renoir, who has just spent two months here, also wants to do this painting.
I was definitely born under an evil star. I have just been thrown out of the inn where I was staying, naked as a worm.
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
You have to feel confident. If you don't, then you're going to be hesitant and defensive, and there'll be a lot of things working against you.
I liked Vittorio De Sica a lot, and I got to work with him once in a segment movie. He was a great director. He was a very charismatic character and a guy I watched a lot when he was directing.
If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.
I don't believe in pessimism. If something doesn't come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it's going to rain, it will.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
The less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
If you think it's going to rain, it will.
I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it.
My old drama coach used to say, 'Don't just do something, stand there.' Gary Cooper wasn't afraid to do nothing.
Men must know their limitations.
We are like boxers, one never knows how much longer one has.
In school, I could hear the leaves rustle and go on a journey.
I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives.
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can.
I've never met a genius. A genius to me is someone who does well at something he hates. Anybody can do well at something he loves - it's just a question of finding the subject.
I don't mind telling a dark side.
Drama usually has some sort of intense conflict.
Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.
I'm not a chick-flick enthusiast.
Those who create are rare; those who cannot are numerous. Therefore, the latter are stronger.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
Some people think luxury is the opposite of poverty. It is not. It is the opposite of vulgarity.
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!
Luxury must be comfortable, otherwise it is not luxury.
Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but of those who have already taken possession of their future.
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.
Great loves too must be endured.
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty.
I never wanted to weigh more heavily on a man than a bird.
Jump out the window if you are the object of passion. Flee it if you feel it. Passion goes, boredom remains.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Elegance does not consist in putting on a new dress.
My friends, there are no friends.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand.
Don't bother people for help without first trying to solve the problem yourself.
You can't just have slogans, you can't just have catchy phrases. You have to have an agenda. And I think what the Republican Party has to do, if it's going to incorporate the tea party efforts in it, is to come up with an agenda that the American people can see, touch, and actually believe in, and something they believe in.
Get mad, then get over it.
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.
The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.
Experts often possess more data than judgment.
You don't know what you can get away with until you try.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life giving speeches.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up.
Wouldn't it be great if we could look forward to a whole world in which no child will be left behind?
I try to be the same person I was yesterday.
Today I can declare my hope and declare it from the bottom of my heart that we will eventually see the time when that number of nuclear weapons is down to zero and the world is a much better place.
Never neglect details. When everyone's mind is dulled or distracted the leader must be doubly vigilant.
The purposes of the United States should not be doubted. The Security Council resolutions will be enforced - the just demands of peace and security will be met - or action will be unavoidable. And a regime that has lost its legitimacy will also lose its power.
The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting above average effort.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.
-1
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
I think the self-burning itself on practice of non-violence. These people, you see, they easily use bomb explosive, more casualty people. But they didn't do that. Only sacrifice their own life. So this also is part of practice of non-violence.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day.
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual's own reason and critical analysis.
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Sometimes one creates a dynamic impression by saying something, and sometimes one creates as significant an impression by remaining silent.
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping .
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
I love California, I practically grew up in Phoenix.
What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is.
The loss of life will be irreplaceable.
What you guys want, I'm for.
For NASA, space is still a high priority.
It's time for the human race to enter the solar system.
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
Votes are like trees, if you are trying to build a forest. If you have more trees than you have forests, then at that point the pollsters will probably say you will win.
Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children.
I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican.
I don't watch it, but I know enough to comment on it.
People who bowl vote. Bowlers are not the cultural elite.
It shows 'us vs. them', and I'm on the 'us' side.
Great American sport. Horseshoes is a very great game. I love it.
You all look like happy campers to me. Happy campers you are, happy campers you have been, and, as far as I am concerned, happy campers you will always be.
We will move forward, we will move upward, and yes, we will move onward.
Japan is an important ally of ours. Japan and the United States of the Western industrialized capacity, 60 percent of the GNP, two countries. That's a statement in and of itself.
It's a very good historical book about history.
I couldn't help but be impressed by the magnitude of the earthquake.
They need help, and we have helped, and we are here to help. And we are helping, and we're going to continue to help.
Unfortunately, the people of Louisiana are not racists.
If you give a person a fish, they'll fish for a day. But if you train a person to fish, they'll fish for a lifetime.
We shouldn't have to be burdened with all the technicalities that come up from time to time with shrewd, smart lawyers interpreting what the laws or what the Constitution may or may not say.
Every once in a while, you let a word or phrase out and you want to catch it and bring it back. You can't do that. It's gone, gone forever.
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.
The secret of getting things done is to act!
Small projects need much more help than great.
Be as a tower firmly set; Shakes not its top for any blast that blows.
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.
Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always.
No one thinks of how much blood it costs.
Nature is the art of God.
I love to doubt as well as know.
He listens well who takes notes.
From a little spark may burst a flame.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
If the present world go astray, the cause is in you, in you it is to be sought.
The more perfect a thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is.
The sad souls of those who lived without blame and without praise.
O conscience, upright and stainless, how bitter a sting to thee is a little fault!
Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground.
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
You know, be able to do something great in your life, you're gonna have to realize your failures. You're gonna have to embrace them and figure out how to overcome it.
I'm famous today. People like me today. Might not like me tomorrow. You can't count on it.
I still think people do have racial hang-ups, but I think one of the reasons I can joke about it is people are shedding those racial hatreds.
The language you are about to hear... is disturbing.
I think every group of black guys should have at least one white guy in it.
You know you must be doing something right if old people like you.
You can become famous but you can't become unfamous. You can become infamous but not unfamous.
I don't normally talk about my religion publicly because I don't want people to associate me and my flaws with this beautiful thing. And I believe it is beautiful if you learn it the right way.
I'm an introspective dude.
If you don't have the right people around you and you're moving at a million miles an hour you can lose yourself.
You got to be careful of the company you keep.
One of the things that happens when people make the leap from a certain amount of money to tens of millions of dollars is that the people around you dramatically change.
I've been a comedian since I was fourteen. But I've never really been a CEO.
The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.
Fame for me is like a place, a country I'm taking a tour through.
I want to tell my jokes. I want to have time with my children. I want to entertain people. And at one point, I'll walk away from show business. But I don't want to walk away empty-handed.
I got real important relationships in my life that are very empowering relationships.
I got a lot of positive people around me.
I'm cool with failing so long as I know that there are people around me that love me unconditionally.
I enjoy my own thoughts sometimes.
I care about the work I do. But I'm not going to say that money's not an issue.
My wife asked me once if I weren't a comedian what I would do. I couldn't answer the question. I never imagined doing anything else.
I love Ohio.
Being famous is great, it's not like bad or horrible or anything.
I love being famous - it's phenomenal.
The way the people around you position themselves around you to get in your pockets and in your mind is infuriating to me.
Strangely, some songs you really don't want to write.
To not be modest about it, you'll find that with only a couple of exceptions, most of the musicians that I've worked with have done their best work by far with me.
I don't see any boundaries between any of the art forms. I think they all inter-relate completely.
Glam really did plant seeds for a new identity. I think a lot of kids needed that - that sense of reinvention. Kids learned that however crazy you may think it is, there is a place for what you want to do and who you want to be.
If I had a talent, it was for looking askew at everything, possibly more than my contemporaries. But I had to really push myself to be a writer.
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
And I saw the sax line-up that he had behind him and I thought, I'm going to learn the saxophone. When I grow up, I'm going to play in his band. So I sort of persuaded my dad to get me a kind of a plastic saxophone on the hire purchase plan.
But I'm pretty good with collaborative thinking. I work well with other people.
But I've got to think of myself as the luckiest guy. Robert Johnson only had one album's worth of work as his legacy. That's all that life allowed him.
Frankly, I mean, sometimes the interpretations I've seen on some of the songs that I've written are a lot more interesting than the input that I put in.
Heathenism is a state of mind. You can take it that I'm referring to one who does not see his world. He has no mental light. He destroys almost unwittingly. He cannot feel any Gods presence in his life. He is the 21st century man.
However, there's no theme or concept behind Heathen, just a number of songs but somehow there is a thread that runs through it that is quite as strong as any of my thematic type albums.
I believe that I often bring out the best in somebody's talents.
I felt I really wanted to back off from music completely and just work within the visual arts in some way. I started painting quite passionately at that time.
I had to resign myself, many years ago, that I'm not too articulate when it comes to explaining how I feel about things. But my music does it for me, it really does.
I never could get over the fact that The Pixies formed, worked and separated without America taking them to its heart or even recognizing their existence for the most part.
I think it all comes back to being very selfish as an artist. I mean, I really do just write and record what interests me and I do approach the stage shows in much the same way.
I wanted to prove the sustaining power of music.
I'm just an individual who doesn't feel that I need to have somebody qualify my work in any particular way. I'm working for me.
I've never responded well to entrenched negative thinking.
It amazes me sometimes that even intelligent people will analyze a situation or make a judgement after only recognizing the standard or traditional structure of a piece.
Nearly all the synth work on Heathen is mine and some of the piano.
On the other hand, what I like my music to do to me is awaken the ghosts inside of me. Not the demons, you understand, but the ghosts.
Pixies and Sonic Youth were so important to the eighties.
If each of us hires people who are smaller than we are, we shall become a company of dwarfs. But if each of us hires people who are bigger than we are, we shall become a company of giants.
I avoid clients for whom advertising is only a marginal factor in their marketing mix. They have an awkward tendency to raid their advertising appropriations whenever they need cash for other purposes.
Some manufacturers illustrate their advertisements with abstract paintings. I would only do this if I wished to conceal from the reader what I was advertising.
Much of the messy advertising you see on television today is the product of committees. Committees can criticize advertisements, but they should never be allowed to create them.
I do not regard advertising as entertainment or an art form, but as a medium of information.
The consumer isn't a moron; she is your wife.
What you say in advertising is more important than how you say it.
What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy is the content of your advertising, not its form.
The headline is the 'ticket on the meat.' Use it to flag down readers who are prospects for the kind of product you are advertising.
On the average, five times as many people read the headline as read the body copy. When you have written your headline, you have spent eighty cents out of your dollar.
I don't know the rules of grammar... If you're trying to persuade people to do something, or buy something, it seems to me you should use their language, the language they use every day, the language in which they think. We try to write in the vernacular.
Many people - and I think I am one of them - are more productive when they've had a little to drink. I find if I drink two or three brandies, I'm far better able to write.
Advertising is only evil when it advertises evil things.
I did not feel 'evil' when I wrote advertisements for Puerto Rico. They helped attract industry and tourists to a country which had been living on the edge of starvation for 400 years.
It is flagrantly dishonest for an advertising agent to urge consumers to buy a product which he would not allow his own wife to buy.
You now have to decide what 'image' you want for your brand. Image means personality. Products, like people, have personalities, and they can make or break them in the market place.
Every advertisement should be thought of as a contribution to the complex symbol which is the brand image.
If you ever have the good fortune to create a great advertising campaign, you will soon see another agency steal it. This is irritating, but don't let it worry you; nobody has ever built a brand by imitating somebody else's advertising.
The advertisers who believe in the selling power of jingles have never had to sell anything.
Can advertising foist an inferior product on the consumer? Bitter experience has taught me that it cannot. On those rare occasions when I have advertised products which consumer tests have found inferior to other products in the same field, the results have been disastrous.
Does advertising corrupt editors? Yes it does, but fewer editors than you may suppose... the vast majority of editors are incorruptible.
It strikes me as bad manners for a magazine to accept one of my advertisements and then attack it editorially - like inviting a man to dinner then spitting in his eye.
The more informative your advertising, the more persuasive it will be.
Political advertising ought to be stopped. It's the only really dishonest kind of advertising that's left. It's totally dishonest.
There are very few men of genius in advertising agencies. But we need all we can find. Almost without exception they are disagreeable. Don't destroy them. They lay golden eggs.
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
Another term for balloon is bad breath holder.
If I ever saw an amputee getting hanged, I'd probably just start calling out letters.
Saying, 'I'm sorry' is the same as saying, ' I apologize.' Except at a funeral.
Swimming is a confusing sport, because sometimes you do it for fun, and other times you do it to not die. And when I'm swimming, sometimes I'm not sure which one it is.
People and squirrels are very different. Most people will not argue that. But I find that there is one situation in which they're very similar. And that is: when I am driving towards them in my car. Then they're kind of hard to tell apart - especially if the human is kind of hairy.
Whenever I'm on my computer, I don't type 'lol'. I type 'lqtm' - laugh quietly to myself. It's more honest.
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.
I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything.
I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said 'Happy Birthday' on it. I didn't want to waste it so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.
I like fruit baskets because it gives you the ability to mail someone a piece of fruit without appearing insane. Like, if someone just mailed you an apple you'd be like, 'huh? What the hell is this?' But if it's in a fruit basket you're like, 'this is nice!'
My plumbing is all screwed up. Because it turns out, I do not own a garbage disposal.
A drunk driver is very dangerous. So is a drunk backseat driver if he's persuasive.
I noticed that there are no B batteries. I think that's to avoid confusion, cause if there were you wouldn't know if someone was stuttering. 'Yes, hello I'd like some b-batteries.' 'What kind?' 'B-batteries.' 'What kind?' 'B-batteries!' and D-batteries that's hard for foreigners. 'Yes, I would like de batteries.'
If you can't tell a spoon from a ladle, then you're fat!
A lot of people like lollipops. I don't like lollipops. To me, a lollipop is hard candy plus garbage. I don't need a handle. Just give me the candy.
The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
I think it's interesting that 'cologne' rhymes with 'alone.'
I keep a lighter in my back pocket all the time. I'm not a smoker, I just really like certain songs.
I like women, but you can't always trust them. Some of them are big liars, like this one woman I met who had a dog. I asked her her dog's name and then I asked, 'Does he bite?' and she said, 'No.' And I said, 'So how does he eat?' Liar!
I like video games, but they are very violent. I want to create a video game in which you have to help all the characters who have died in the other games. 'Hey, man, what are you playing?' 'Super Busy Hospital. Could you leave me alone? I'm performing surgery! This guy got shot in the head, like, 27 times!'
I saw a transvestite wearing a T-shirt that said 'Guess'.
I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.'
There's a store in my neighborhood called Futon World. I like that name, 'Futon World.' Makes me think of a magical place that gets less and less comfortable over time.
I was walking in the park and this guy waved at me. Then he said, 'I'm sorry, I thought you were someone else.' I said, 'I am.'
My favorite fruit is grapes. Because with grapes, you always get another chance. 'Cause, you know, if you have a crappy apple or a peach, you're stuck with that crappy piece of fruit. But if you have a crappy grape, no problem - just move on to the next. 'Grapes: The Fruit of Hope.'
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
You must look within for value, but must look beyond for perspective.
If you believe you can, you probably can. If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't. Belief is the ignition switch that gets you off the launching pad.
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives.
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience.
You must learn from your past mistakes, but not lean on your past successes.
Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.
The winners in life think constantly in terms of I can, I will, and I am. Losers, on the other hand, concentrate their waking thoughts on what they should have or would have done, or what they can't do.
You must stick to your conviction, but be ready to abandon your assumptions.
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating.
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.
You must understand that seeing is believing, but also know that believing is seeing.
Life is the movie you see through your own eyes. It makes little difference what's happening out there. It's how you take it that counts.
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Out of need springs desire, and out of desire springs the energy and the will to win.
Listen to the desires of your children. Encourage them and then give them the autonomy to make their own decision.
Everything is something you decide to do, and there is nothing you have to do.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
Without forgiveness, there's no future.
I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master. I want the full menu of rights.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
When the missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. They said 'Let us pray.' We closed our eyes. When we opened them we had the Bible and they had the land.
Be nice to whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity.
I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum.
When a pile of cups is tottering on the edge of the table and you warn that they will crash to the ground, in South Africa you are blamed when that happens.
For goodness sake, will they hear, will white people hear what we are trying to say? Please, all we are asking you to do is to recognize that we are humans, too.
Those who invest in South Africa should not think they are doing us a favor; they are here for what they get out of our cheap and abundant labor, and they should know that they are buttressing one of the most vicious systems.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
We may be surprised at the people we find in heaven. God has a soft spot for sinners. His standards are quite low.
In the land of my birth I cannot vote, whereas a young person of eighteen can vote. And why? Because he or she possesses that wonderful biological attribute - a white skin.
Be nice to the whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity.
You must show the world that you abhor fighting.
We would like to see you departing peacefully.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
What is black empowerment when it seems to benefit not the vast majority but an elite that tends to be recycled?
Niger is not an isolated island of desperation. It lies within a sea of problems across Africa - particularly the 'forgotten emergencies' in poor countries or regions with little strategic or material appeal.
Children are a wonderful gift. They have an extraordinary capacity to see into the heart of things and to expose sham and humbug for what they are.
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
In God's family, there are no outsiders, no enemies.
God's love is too great to be confined to any one side of a conflict or to any one religion.
God is not upset that Gandhi was not a Christian, because God is not a Christian! All of God's children and their different faiths help us to realize the immensity of God.
All the United States, it is a society that is split like to the bottom, that had very poor people in the country that is one of the wealthiest countries.
I know nothing, except the fact of my ignorance.
The art of being a slave is to rule one's master.
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.
I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
Most men are within a finger's breadth of being mad.
What I like to drink most is wine that belongs to others.
There is only a finger's difference between a wise man and a fool.
No man is hurt but by himself.
Modesty is the color of virtue.
Calumny is only the noise of madmen.
Wise leaders generally have wise counselors because it takes a wise person themselves to distinguish them.
Of what use is a philosopher who doesn't hurt anybody's feelings?
Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?
In a rich man's house there is no place to spit but his face.
The great thieves lead away the little thief.
Stand a little less between me and the sun.
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
A friend is one soul abiding in two bodies.
He has the most who is most content with the least.
The sun, too, shines into cesspools and is not polluted.
I do not know whether there are gods, but there ought to be.
Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.
The sun too penetrates into privies, but is not polluted by them.
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.
Find out who you are. And do it on purpose.
You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on.
You'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap!
A lot of people don't realise I came out of the Smoky Mountains with a load of songs.
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
I'm not going to limit myself just because people won't accept the fact that I can do something else.
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids.
I modelled my looks on the town tramp.
I was the first woman to burn my bra - it took the fire department four days to put it out.
If you talk bad about country music, it's like saying bad things about my momma. Them's fightin' words.
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.
People make jokes about my bosoms, why don't they look underneath the breasts at the heart? It's obvious I've got big ones and if people want to assume they're not mine, then let them.
Plastic surgeons are always making mountains out of molehills.
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
When I'm inspired, I get excited because I can't wait to see what I'll come up with next.
You'll never do a whole lot unless you're brave enough to try.
I look just like the girls next door... if you happen to live next door to an amusement park.
I still close my eyes and go home - I can always draw from that.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
I'm not a politician. And I don't want to be.
I do remember how it was to be poor. I do remember that in my early years, we had to grow and raise all of our food, even our animals. And I remember in my early life, we didn't even have electricity. So it was very, very hard times then.
I was probably 7 years old when I started playing the guitar and writing some serious songs.
No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach.
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.
Together, We will make America strong again. We will make wealthy again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And yes, together, we will make America great again. Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America.
I've always won, and I'm going to continue to win. And that's the way it is.
I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Politicians can't manage. All they can do is talk.
I was a great student. I was good at everything.
My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose.
We need a president with tremendous intelligence, smarts, cunning, strength and stamina.
I've always said, 'If you need Viagra, you're probably with the wrong girl.'
It is time to show the whole world that America is back - bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice. The Bible tells us, 'How good and pleasant it is when God's people live together in unity.'
When America is united, America is totally unstoppable.
We will get our people off of welfare and back to work - rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor.
We will build new roads, and highways, and bridges, and airports, and tunnels, and railways all across our wonderful nation.
Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive.
Everything in life is luck.
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
I suppose, in a way, this has become part of my soul. It is a symbol of my life. Whatever I have done that really matters, I've done wearing it. When the time comes, it will be in this that I journey forth. What greater honor could come to an American, and a soldier?
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
The world is in a constant conspiracy against the brave. It's the age-old struggle: the roar of the crowd on the one side, and the voice of your conscience on the other.
Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
You are remembered for the rules you break.
Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid, one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield.
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.
I've looked that old scoundrel death in the eye many times but this time I think he has me on the ropes.
In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.
My first recollection is that of a bugle call.
Americans never quit.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any threat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.
Only those are fit to live who are not afraid to die.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
Like the old soldier of the ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty. Goodbye.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Never give an order that can't be obeyed.
Life is a lively process of becoming.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Whenever things go a bit sour in a job I'm doing, I always tell myself, 'You can do better than this.'
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store.
Adults are obsolete children.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.
When at last we are sure, You've been properly pilled, Then a few paper forms, Must be properly filled. So that you and your heirs, May be properly billed.
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
You make 'em, I amuse 'em.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go.
Sometimes, when I see my granddaughters make small discoveries of their own, I wish I were a child.
Only you can control your future.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
That says it all. When you say, 'Victory,' that says it all.
I hope our hopes and aspirations are bigger than setting records.
Obviously if Gates turns out missing the first game because of this, that's disappointing for everyone in this locker room because he is big part of our team and we don't want to see that happen.
It's my job to get us in good plays, or more importantly, out of bad plays. That's what I did.
The Madden Curse has really taken on a life of its own. People just love talking about it, and it is what it is, but I look at it as a challenge.
Sometimes all you need is just for somebody to believe in you in order to be able to accomplish maybe what you never thought you could.
I'm a very modest person. But I'm also extremely confident. And if you put me in the situation or in the moment, I'm gonna have some swagger, I'm gonna have some cockiness.
There's always a little bit of personal satisfaction when you prove somebody wrong.
I don't believe that you can be too short as a quarterback. It's not about height.
I know Andy Roddick's probably tired about me talking about how many times I beat him when we were kids.
My No. 1 priority, and it always has been this, is keeping our team together and making sure we have the right guys in the right positions to make a run at this for a long time.
We're trying to be that franchise that year-in and year-out is competing for a championship.
Each day, you get an ounce more confidence. When we're playing like we are, there's no reason not to.
It has been an interesting road, but I wouldn't trade any of it for the world, because I feel like all of those instances in my life I felt molded me and strengthened me and made me who I am.
I obviously take a lot of pride in what I do on the football field, because that has the ability to influence a lot of people. That puts smiles on people's faces. That gives people a pep in their step on Monday morning when they go back to work.
The Madden NFL franchise holds a special place in popular culture and the cover is a coveted position for players all over the league. I'm honored to be the first cover athlete chosen by Madden NFL fans and it's a great way to cap off an amazing year for the Saints and the city of New Orleans.
I can change a diaper in 30 seconds flat. I set the new one beneath the old one. That way, it's just wipe and pull the flap over.
I needed New Orleans so badly back in 2006, just somebody to believe in me, somebody to care about me.
I'm a very modest person.
There's not anything, I don't think, that I can do or accomplish.
I think the fact is that anybody who goes into politics feels like 'I can make a difference'. But it's not one person, you need so many others.
You can always be a little bit better.
Each and every year I feel like I've gotten a little bit better and that's always been my goal, was just to get a little bit better.
I grew up in Texas, obviously a huge football state.
I love the Cowboys in the early 90s. That was their heyday, winning all those Super bowls. Troy Aikman was a person I looked up to.
We have a beautiful little boy who is 18 months old and another little boy to be born in October. We are very excited about that.
With drive and a bit of talent, you can move mountains. I know. I've done it.
For me it came from the material. It was so well written and brought the opportunity to work with great actors. And of course the opportunity to 'mince about' was an added element that I wanted to take advantage of!
That's a traditional Samoan dance. I was lucky that I was able to fly my cousins, who are professional dancers, up from Hawaii and they were able to be in the movie with me. We had a great time.
I liked his ability to deal with a lot of the negativity that surrounded him. Even though he was in a world that he didn't want to be in, he still saw the bigger picture.
When he speaks to you he speaks with an earnest vibe and an earnest energy.
The one thing I couldn't identify with was the blue cowboy outfit he put on.
If you check your ego at the door when it comes to comedy, you've got a pretty good shot at making a great movie that you can commit yourself to, you can jump off the proverbial cliff with, and have a great time, and the audiences respond to that.
What was important to me was entertaining the audience, and whether that meant winning, losing, singing, or whatever it was on the live show we were doing every week, which was awesome, I was game for it.
I love making people laugh and feel good, and that's awesome and special for me to be able to do that, but there really is nothing like kicking ass whether it's on a major scale, or whether it's in more of a dramatic fashion. Being physical and taking care of business the old-fashioned way is something that I love doing.
One of the skills I had to learn and become proficient in is kissing a man. I had never kissed a man. Will Smith did it in his movies, so did Jake Gyllenhaal, and I figured it was my time. So it was me and Steve Carell - fantastic.
Barack Obama did tell me that I was one of Michelle Obama's favorite actors.
Wrestling was like stand-up comedy for me. Every night I had a live audience of 25,000 people to win over. My goal was never to be the loudest or the craziest. It was to be the most entertaining.
You've got to keep your finger on the pulse of what your audience is thinking, and know what they'll accept from you.
I'd love to do a musical. I've been known to have a good step or two. I'm half Samoan, you know, and part of our culture is singing and dancing daily.
Every once in a while I get the highly inappropriate proposal which is like, 'Wow, Really! You don't even know me and I don't know you at all, and you want that to happen? Tonight? Ok, I get off work at 7.30.'
If I had to describe myself to an alien I'd say I was bigger than the average human, enjoy a drink or two with a good meal and have a bigger head than most. I'd also say I'm really handsome - especially if they were a female alien.
Not only do I think being nice and kind is easy but being kind, in my opinion, is important.
I love the 3D revolution. I love the technology today that continues to push the envelope, continues break the new ground, and continues to raise the bar.
But I do believe that there's going to be a time where all movies are going to be made in 3D and it's just going to be a given, and that is going to be an exciting time.
But being on location and shooting, whether its in Puerto Rico or Atlanta, it always reminds me of how really cool my job can be. Interacting with the fans is one of the best parts of it.
I was brought up as an only child, and we were very close. But when I was 14, we got evicted. We came home to a padlock, and I looked up at my mom and she was crying, and there was nothing to do.
I'm very low-key. I don't really blend in, so it's difficult to go out in public. I like to do things that are kind of quiet, whether it's a dinner at my house or a restaurant, or a movie night at home.
I didn't have to win, and winning wasn't important to me. Being world champion wasn't important to me. What was important to me was entertaining the audience, and whether that meant winning, losing, singing, or whatever it was on the live show we were doing every week, which was awesome, I was game for it.
Wrestling was like stand-up comedy for me.
My goal was never to be the loudest or the craziest. It was to be the most entertaining.
I've been known to have a good step or two. I'm half Samoan, you know, and part of our culture is singing and dancing daily.
Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history.
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.
Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
The people of the world genuinely want peace. Some day the leaders of the world are going to have to give in and give it to them.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Oh, that lovely title, ex-president.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.
I think that people want peace so much that one of these days government had better get out of their way and let them have it.
Any man who wants to be president is either an egomaniac or crazy.
I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?
Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field.
This desk of mine is one at which a man may die, but from which he cannot resign.
Unlike presidential administrations, problems rarely have terminal dates.
No one should ever sit in this office over 70 years old, and that I know.
We are tired of aristocratic explanations in Harvard words.
-1
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Whenever we're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be - whether they will admit that or not.
Everything in the world we want to do or get done, we must do with and through people.
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career!
Get into a line that you will find to be a deep personal interest, something you really enjoy spending twelve to fifteen hours a day working at, and the rest of the time thinking about.
The mind moves in the direction of our currently dominant thoughts.
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. The two are inseparable. They go together.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own 'acres of diamonds.'
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.
The more intensely we feel about an idea or a goal, the more assuredly the idea, buried deep in our subconscious, will direct us along the path to its fulfillment.
Your problem is to bridge the gap which exists between where you are now and the goal you intend to reach.
The big thing is that you know what you want.
What's going on in the inside shows on the outside.
We tend to live up to our expectations.
Excellence always sells.
The river is constantly turning and bending and you never know where it's going to go and where you'll wind up. Following the bend in the river and staying on your own path means that you are on the right track. Don't let anyone deter you from that.
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
My recipe for life is not being afraid of myself, afraid of what I think or of my opinions.
Let's take care of the necessities first: give people jobs, and find a way to get us out of poverty.
The public has become my fairy godmother.
I was given away. If your mother gives you away, you think everybody who comes into your life is going to give you away.
I punish myself more than anybody else does if I am stupid about my actions, and I suffer, really suffer.
Having my animals or my children with me exorcises that feeling of not being wanted.
I never take anything for granted. I may slip any minute.
I used to teach dance lessons.
You don't move just because you want to go from this point to that point - the body has to be using the words as well as you vocally use the words.
My house was bugged. They couldn't find any information on me being a subversive because I happen to love America; I just don't like some of the things the government is doing.
When the people who are responsible for our country ask you a direct question, I expect them to accept a direct answer, not to be blackballed because you are telling the truth.
When we want to have our own style of living, it is nobody's business but ours. What we do in private is our private business.
Just because you are different does not mean that you have to be rejected.
Don't depend on other people to be responsible for you. Don't make yourself stressed out over nonsensical things like material things.
Jewelry, to me, is a pain in the derriere, because you have to be watching it all the time.
I've always said to my men friends, If you really care for me, darling, you will give me territory. Give me land, give me land.
We're not thought of in terms of color because we are entertainers. We are there to entertain you not because we are black, white, pink, or green or gay or straight or because we are Catholic or Protestant.
Live theater to me is much more free than the movies or television.
This is where you see the truth of entertainment, because it is not edited. You see it on stage as it is happening. Even if we fall down or forget our words, it's a part of live entertainment.
Orson Welles was one of these people who was defying everything the doctors told him he wasn't supposed to be doing. He was really enjoying himself when he was eating what he wanted to eat.
Dr. Einstein was not successful in school, but he found something in the air from his own imagination and his own brain power, and look what he did.
In essence, I'm a sophisticated cotton picker.
I'm a dirt person. I trust the dirt. I don't trust diamonds and gold.
People in general are used to seeing me as the naughty girl because that's what they've always cast me as.
Acceptance looks like a passive state, but in reality it brings something entirely new into this world. That peace, a subtle energy vibration, is consciousness.
To me the ego is the habitual and compulsive thought processes that go through everybody's mind continuously. External things like possessions or memories or failures or successes or achievements. Your personal history.
If small things have the power to disturb you, then who you think you are is exactly that: small.
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge. When you complain, you make yourself into a victim. When you speak out, you are in your power. So change the situation by taking action or by speaking out if necessary or possible; leave the situation or accept it. All else is madness.
Any action is often better than no action, especially if you have been stuck in an unhappy situation for a long time. If it is a mistake, at least you learn something, in which case it's no longer a mistake. If you remain stuck, you learn nothing.
Most humans are never fully present in the now, because unconsciously they believe that the next moment must be more important than this one. But then you miss your whole life, which is never not now.
If you live only in one culture for the first 20 years of your life, you become conditioned without knowing it.
Most people treat the present moment as if it were an obstacle that they need to overcome. Since the present moment is life itself, it is an insane way to live.
When you wash your hands, when you make a cup of coffee, when you're waiting for the elevator - instead of indulging in thinking, these are all opportunities for being there as a still, alert presence.
People don't realize that now is all there ever is; there is no past or future except as memory or anticipation in your mind.
Many people identify their sense of self with the problems they have, or think they have.
People look to time in expectation that it will eventually make them happy, but you cannot find true happiness by looking toward the future.
Thinking is a wonderful tool if it's applied. Thinking, however, can not become the master. Thinking is a very bad master. If you're dominated by thinking then your life becomes very restricted.
People tend to dwell more on negative things than on good things. So the mind then becomes obsessed with negative things, with judgments, guilt and anxiety produced by thoughts about the future and so on.
I believe that Jesus realized his oneness with God and he showed, what he attempted to do was show the way to all of us, how to realize our own onenes with God also, so he's a precursor.
The 'soul' is one of the words you can use to talk about your innermost being, the essence of who you are.
You can have religion with spirituality. You can also have religion without spirituality.
I'm grateful for always this moment, the now, no matter what form it takes.
The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive. To put it more accurately... you usually don't use it at all. It uses you.
Narrow your life down to this moment. Your life situation may be full of problems - most life situations are - but find out if you have a problem at this moment. Do you have a problem now?
The answer is, who you are cannot be defined through thinking or mental labels or definitions, because it's beyond that. It is the very sense of being, or presence, that is there when you become conscious of the present moment. In essence, you and what we call the present moment are, at the deepest level, one.
When you get into your car, shut the door and be there for just half a minute. Breathe, feel the energy inside your body, look around at the sky, the trees. The mind might tell you, 'I don't have time.' But that's the mind talking to you. Even the busiest person has time for 30 seconds of space.
If danger arises in the present moment, there may be an emotion. There may even be pain. But that's a challenge, not a problem. For a problem to exist, you need time and repetitive mind activity.
If you are not living this moment, you are not really living.
Religion and ritual can be vehicles for entering stillness. It says in Psalm 46:10, 'Be still, and know that I am God.' But they are still just vehicles. The Buddha called his teaching a raft: You don't need to carry it around with you after you've crossed the river.
Was Jesus the son of God? Yes. But so are you. You just haven't realized it yet.
How can you beat someone that's already lost everything?
If you're not cheating, you're not trying.
I was miserable in WCW. I knew I wasn't going to go any higher there, and jumping to WWE hadn't even crossed my mind. I couldn't stop wondering, 'Is this it? Is this what I worked my whole life for?'
Since the day I was born, wrestling has sustained me and my family. It's the way my father fed me; it's the way I feed my kids. More importantly, wrestling is my greatest release. It's been such a blessing for me. I can step into the ring and let it all go - all my anger, all my frustration, all my pain.
I honestly can't describe what goes on in my head when I'm out there. People who don't wrestle can't possibly understand it. When I'm in the ring, I don't feel any pain. I'm in another world out there.
To me, wrestling is therapy. No matter how bad my personal situation is, when I step into the ring, all my troubles disappear. My baggage stays in the back where it belongs.
The twenty minutes or more we spend inside the ring, that's the fun part. It's the rest of our lives that's the real battle - the ruthless backstage politics, the constant traveling, the endless mental and physical aches and pains.
There is one good thing about reaching the bottom. When you get there, there's nothing left to do but fight your way back up or die.
Being the youngest, I was a bit of a mama's boy. I was really protected as I grew up, almost like I was in a bubble.
It took more strength and hard work than I would've believed myself capable of, but with God's grace and strength, I managed to lift myself up and become a better person that I'd ever imagined - I believe I have become a loving husband, a compassionate father, and a stronger wrestler.
Dad always enjoyed sports, and he decided to join a Guadalajara gym to learn how to box. What he didn't realize was that they didn't teach boxing at that particular gym - they taught 'lucha libre.'
As I grew up, Dad was more involved in training than promoting. He brought the same style to his training that he did to being a father - strong and strict.
I've always had an aptitude for wrestling. I can't explain it - it's like a gift. To this day, I don't always know how or why I do certain things.
Wrestling just comes naturally to me. It wasn't like there was this moment where I said, 'This is what I'm going to do.' It's just what I did. It was my life.
When I started wrestling, I hounded my dad to teach me. Eventually, he gave in, but he was careful to instill in me a respect for other wrestlers. He wanted to be sure I wasn't going to hurt anyone.
In my freshman year of high school, I don't think I had a single date. I was really shy, really timid and quiet. I had my first real date when I was a sophomore, with a girl from church.
I couldn't change by myself. I needed my faith and belief in Christ to give me the strength to break free and allow people to help me to change.
I've got to be happy with myself when this ride is over.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
I have, indeed, no abhorrence of danger, except in its absolute effect - in terror.
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
I need scarcely observe that a poem deserves its title only inasmuch as it excites, by elevating the soul. The value of the poem is in the ratio of this elevating excitement.
The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be.
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
In one case out of a hundred a point is excessively discussed because it is obscure; in the ninety-nine remaining it is obscure because it is excessively discussed.
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'
There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.
That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward.
In criticism I will be bold, and as sternly, absolutely just with friend and foe. From this purpose nothing shall turn me.
The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.
With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgment; and he betrays instead of serving you if he sacrifices it to your opinion.
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law; and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous.
It is ordained in the eternal constitution of things, that men of intemperate minds cannot be free. Their passions forge their fetters.
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings; but none when they are under the influence of imagination.
Whenever a separation is made between liberty and justice, neither, in my opinion, is safe.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.
He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper.
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
Among a people generally corrupt liberty cannot long exist.
The traveller has reached the end of the journey!
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.
Society can overlook murder, adultery or swindling; it never forgives preaching of a new gospel.
Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Falsehood is a perennial spring.
Good order is the foundation of all things.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street.
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods.
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in the experience.
Live truth instead of professing it.
Never get married in college; it's hard to get a start if a prospective employer finds you've already made one mistake.
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
Optimism is a kind of heart stimulant - the digitalis of failure.
We are punished by our sins, not for them.
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without his teacher.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
An idea that is not dangerous is not worthy of being called an idea at all.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
If you can't answer a man's arguments, all is not lost; you can still call him vile names.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
When you cease to make a contribution, you begin to die.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice.
Ambition is pitiless. Any merit that it cannot use it finds despicable.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think.
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
Only a man's character is the real criterion of worth.
There are practical little things in housekeeping which no man really understands.
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.
We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from.
I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers.
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.
It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.
For those who seek to understand it, death is a highly creative force. The highest spiritual values of life can originate from the thought and study of death.
I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them.
I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.
As far as service goes, it can take the form of a million things. To do service, you don't have to be a doctor working in the slums for free, or become a social worker. Your position in life and what you do doesn't matter as much as how you do what you do.
Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star; one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever.
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.
Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.
Live, so you do not have to look back and say: 'God, how I have wasted my life.'
It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.
Dying is something we human beings do continuously, not just at the end of our physical lives on this earth.
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of those depths.
People after death become complete again. The blind can see, the deaf can hear, cripples are no longer crippled after all their vital signs have ceased to exist.
I always say that death can be one of the greatest experiences ever. If you live each day of your life right, then you have nothing to fear.
For years, I have been stalked by a bad reputation. Actually, I have been pursued by people who have regarded me as the 'Death and Dying' Lady. They believe that having spent more than three decades in research into death and life after death qualifies me as an expert on the subject. I think they miss the point.
The only incontrovertible fact of my work is the importance of life.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is no death the way we understood it. The body dies, but not the soul.
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on Earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up - that we will begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.
The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.
What I've learned is that real change is very, very hard. But I've also learned that change is possible - if you fight for it.
You can't predict it all. People will tell you to plan things out as best you can. They will tell you to focus. They will tell you to follow your dreams. They will all be right.
I hear all this, you know, 'Well, this is class warfare, this is whatever.' No. There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own - nobody.
You built a factory out there, good for you. But I want to be clear. You moved your goods to market on the roads that the rest of us paid for. You hired workers that the rest of us paid to educate. You were safe in your factory because of police forces and fire forces that the rest of us paid for.
You didn't have to worry that marauding bands would come and seize everything in your factory and hire someone to protect against this because of the work the rest of us did.
Now look, you built a factory and it turned into something terrific or a great idea, God Bless, keep a big hunk of it. But part of the underlying social contract is you take a hunk of that and paid forward for the next kid who comes along.
I do not understand how it is that financial institutions could think that they could take taxpayer money and then turn around and act like it's business as usual. I don't understand how they can't see that the world has changed in a fundamental way, that it is not business as usual when you take taxpayer dollars.
You have two pages, that's the whole credit card agreement. The terms are clear and flat and easy to see so anyone can read them. So you could lay four credit cards in front of you and say, 'Oh, that's the one that has the highest rate, that's the one that has the really scary provision that could hurt me.'
If there had been a Financial Product Safety Commission in place 10 years ago, the current financial crisis would have been averted.
Part of my job is to make sense of all that I hear, and to retell it in a forceful way so that the decision-makers at Treasury can hear it. At least that's how I see it.
I get heartfelt thanks from all kinds of people. Today I heard from a waitress in Georgia who has lost her job and is trying to figure out how her local bank can change the terms on her credit card, and I heard from a physicist at a major research university who wants to explain a better theory of financial stress tests.
It is critical that the American people, and not just their financial institutions, be represented at the negotiating table.
What we collectively decide about how to bail out our economy, how to pull our economy out of a ditch and what rules we put in place to make sure this problem does not happen again, will shape our country for the next 50 years. This is it.
Like a lot of you, I grew up in a family on the ragged edges of the middle class. My daddy sold carpeting and ended up as a maintenance man. After he had a heart attack, my mom worked the phones at Sears so we could hang on to our house.
Me, I was waiting tables of 13 and married at 19. I graduated from public schools, and taught elementary school.
People feel like the system is rigged against them, and here is the painful part, they're right. The system is rigged.
Americans are fighters. We're tough, resourceful and creative, and if we have the chance to fight on a level playing field, where everyone pays a fair share and everyone has a real shot, then no one - no one can stop us.
Mitt Romney is the guy who said corporations are people. No, Governor Romney, corporations are not people.
President Obama believes in a level playing field.
President Obama believes in a country where we invest in education, in roads and bridges, in science, and in the future so we can create new opportunities so the next kid can make it big and the kid afer that and the kid after that, that's what President Obama believes.
And that's how we build the economy of the future. An economy with more jobs and less debt, we root it in fairness. We grow it with opportunity. And we build it together.
Are you ready to fight for good jobs and and a solid level playing field? Are you ready to prove to another generation of Americans that we can build a better country and a newer world? Joe Biden is ready. Barack Obama is ready. I am ready. You're ready.
I grew up in the Methodist church and taught Sunday school, and one of my favorite passages of scripture is, 'in as much as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' Matthew 25:40.
The core of my career is my teaching and my writing.
I had a baby and stayed home for a couple of years, and I was really casting about, thinking, 'What am I going to do?' My husband's view of it was, 'Stay home... We'll have more children; you'll love this.' And I was very restless about it.
We can't go out and tell ourselves we've done good if we haven't.
Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.
Designing is my hobby. If I didn't do what I do for a living - at some point when I don't do this for a living - I'll probably just do design work. I love finding really special pieces of furniture.
You have to stay in shape. My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60. She's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
We focus so much on our differences, and that is creating, I think, a lot of chaos and negativity and bullying in the world. And I think if everybody focused on what we all have in common - which is - we all want to be happy.
I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her.
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
I was coming home from kindergarten - well they told me it was kindergarten. I found out later I had been working in a factory for ten years. It's good for a kid to know how to make gloves.
Yeah I'm thirty-six, but on the show I'm thirty-two. Nobody wants to watch a thirty-six year old woman, so they decided to make me thirty-two. Much more appealing somehow.
In the beginning there was nothing. God said, 'Let there be light!' And there was light. There was still nothing, but you could see it a whole lot better.
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant.
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
Nothing says holidays, like a cheese log.
I was raised around heterosexuals, as all heterosexuals are, that's where us gay people come from... you heterosexuals.
I'm on the patch right now. Where it releases small dosages of approval until I no longer crave it, and then I'm gonna rip it off.
But seriously, I think overall in the scheme of things winning an Emmy is not important. Let's get our priorities straight. I think we all know what's really important in life - winning an Oscar.
I'm a lesbian, an Aquarian, and a vegetarian.
I just like observing people - it's something I've done ever since I was a kid, and I got really good at it. That's a big part of why I became a comedian. My audience is filled with every kind of person you can imagine, and I love that.
I'd like to be more patient! I just want everything now. I've tried to meditate, but it's really hard for me to stay still. I'd like to try to force myself to do it, because everybody says how wonderful meditation is for you, but I can't shut my mind up. So patience and learning is the key.
I love clothes, so when I wear clothes, they're usually somebody's. You know, I'm not wearing Kmart.
The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift.
No matter how popular you are as a stand-up - you can go out and fill a 10,000-seat arena and be smart and funny - it's delicate to host an awards show and know where your place is and know that it's not about you, that it's about the people who are nominated, and respect that, but at the same time have your moment to show them who you are.
I just feel like every kid is growing up too fast and they're seeing too much. Everything is about sex, and that's fine for me. I'm not saying I don't like it. But I don't think it should be everywhere, where kids are exposed to everything sexual. Because they have to have some innocence; there's just no innocence left.
While I was doing stand-up, I thought I knew for sure that success meant getting everyone to like me. So I became whoever I thought people wanted me to be. I'd say yes when I wanted to say no, and I even wore a few dresses.
I had everything I'd hoped for, but I wasn't being myself. So I decided to be honest about who I was. It was strange: The people who loved me for being funny suddenly didn't like me for being... me.
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. Otherwise, it's not.
I do love email. Wherever possible I try to communicate asynchronously. I'm really good at email.
It's not as though we can keep burning coal in our power plants. Coal is a finite resource, too. We must find alternatives, and it's a better idea to find alternatives sooner then wait until we run out of coal, and in the meantime, put God knows how many trillions of tons of CO2 that used to be buried underground into the atmosphere.
I'd like to dial it back 5% or 10% and try to have a vacation that's not just e-mail with a view.
For all the supporters of Tesla over the years, and it's been several years now and there have been some very tough times, I'd just like to say thank you very much. I deeply appreciate the support, particularly through the darkest times.
When Henry Ford made cheap, reliable cars people said, 'Nah, what's wrong with a horse?' That was a huge bet he made, and it worked.
To make an embarrassing admission, I like video games. That's what got me into software engineering when I was a kid. I wanted to make money so I could buy a better computer to play better video games - nothing like saving the world.
With artificial intelligence, we are summoning the demon. You know all those stories where there's the guy with the pentagram and the holy water, and he's like, yeah, he's sure he can control the demon? Doesn't work out.
There have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live. Why do you want to live? What's the point? What inspires you? What do you love about the future? If the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing.
I've actually made a prediction that within 30 years a majority of new cars made in the United States will be electric. And I don't mean hybrid, I mean fully electric.
A battery by definition is a collection of cells. So the cell is a little can of chemicals. And the challenge is taking a very high-energy cell, and a large number of them, and combining them safely into a large battery.
Silicon Valley has some of the smartest engineers and technology business people in the world.
Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius.
My vision is for a fully reusable rocket transport system between Earth and Mars that is able to re-fuel on Mars - this is very important - so you don't have to carry the return fuel when you go there.
Land on Mars, a round-trip ticket - half a million dollars. It can be done.
You need to be in the position where it is the cost of the fuel that actually matters and not the cost of building the rocket in the first place.
I've actually not read any books on time management.
I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better.
I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
I'm glad to see that BMW is bringing an electric car to market. That's cool.
The reality is gas prices should be much more expensive then they are because we're not incorporating the true damage to the environment and the hidden costs of mining oil and transporting it to the U.S. Whenever you have an unpriced externality, you have a bit of a market failure, to the degree that eternality remains unpriced.
Obviously Tesla is about helping solve the consumption of energy in a sustainable manner, but you need the production of energy in a sustainable manner.
Some companies out there quote a start of production that is substantially in advance of when customers get their cars.
Winning 'Motor Trend' Car of the year is probably the closest thing to winning the Oscar or Emmy of the car industry.
I think long term you can see Tesla establishing factories in Europe, in other parts of the U.S. and in Asia.
I don't think it's a good idea to plan to sell a company.
The great thing about rock and roll is that someone like me can be a star.
I grew up conservative because my mum was a conservative, and when I finally realized what conservatives were, I changed my mind immediately. As children, we tend to copy our parents.
An agent is a person who is sore because an actor gets 90% of what they make.
Well, as I was saying... everyone's so nice to me, usually.
And I talked to my doctor, and I must admit, you know, I'm sometimes quite renowned for my outbursts and I was just very frustrated, maybe a little frightened.
I used to get my money at the end of the week, buy my mum something, or buy a record, and that was it.
I'm a very wealthy man.
I have a lot of money stashed away, but I do live my life from day to day.
I've got a great collection of photography.
I'm very generous.
The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that you're able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too.
I've only been interested in the artistic side of life.
And I trusted someone to look after me on the business side of life.
And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.
Well, I'm a huge fan of Ryan Adams, who's from North Carolina. And he's beginning to break really quite big.
I mean, Sting is one of my great buddies and I love him to death.
I do like Britney Spears. I think she's cute. I think she's fun. And I like her records. You know, I'm not a pop snob whatsoever. I think she makes great pop records.
Well, I was making a record, and I had to choose a name, because they said, you know, you can't make a record under the name of Reg Dwight, because it's never going to - you know, it's not attractive enough.
And I agreed with that, and I couldn't wait to change my name anyway, because I'm not too fond of the name of Reginald. It's a very kind of '50s English name.
We were both very much the same. We were both very impulsive. We both loved life. We both loved shopping. We both had a love of clothes, obviously, because he was the designer that I kind of wore forever and ever.
Well, I've had my fair share in Britain of battling the tabloids.
I mean, in some cases with libel laws, you know, they can write things about people who have no course of action, because they can't afford to take legal action against them.
I have a much better relationship with the press than I did, I think because I stood my ground.
I never really made a full album in Los Angeles before.
And the danger is - and it's happening - is we're seeing an incredibly big rise amongst young gay people, young heterosexual people as far as catching HIV, which is, you know, in an educated country like this or in Britain, it's frightening.
And there's no guarantee that if you get HIV and you take these triple therapies, or whatever comes along next, that they're going to be successful for you.
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.
Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man; but for one man who can stand prosperity, there are a hundred that will stand adversity.
Every time I think that I'm getting old, and gradually going to the grave, something else happens.
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
When I got outta High School I was driving a truck. I was just a poor boy from Memphis, Memphis.
I was training to be an electrician. I suppose I got wired the wrong way round somewhere along the line.
Man, that record came out and was real big in Memphis. They started playing it, and it got real big. Don't know why-the lyrics had no meaning.
They put me on television. And the whole thing broke loose. It was wild, I tell ya for sure.
I did the Ed Sullivan show four times. I did the Steve Allen show. I did the Jackie Gleason show.
Later on they send me to Hollywood. To make movies. It was all new to me. I was only 21 years old.
The next thing I knew, I was out of the service and making movies again. My first picture was called, GI Blues. I thought I was still in the army.
I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were.
Those movies sure got me into a rut.
I hope I didn't bore you too much with my life story.
I'll stay in Memphis.
Too much TV hurts movies.
When I get married, it'll be no secret.
After a hard day of basic training, you could eat a rattlesnake.
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.
The army teaches boys to think like men.
There are too many people that depend on me. I'm too obligated. I'm in too far to get out.
I've tried to lead a straight, clean life, not set any kind of a bad example.
I happened to come along in the music business when there was no trend.
I like entertaining people. I really miss it.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
After great pain, a formal feeling comes. The Nerves sit ceremonious, like tombs.
To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
I dwell in possibility.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Forever is composed of nows.
Celebrity is the chastisement of merit and the punishment of talent.
I do not like the man who squanders life for fame; give me the man who living makes a name.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought.
Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon.
A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day.
Not knowing when the dawn will come I open every door.
They might not need me; but they might. I'll let my head be just in sight; a smile as small as mine might be precisely their necessity.
Where thou art, that is home.
Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found.
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.
When 'Paul's Boutique' came out, I was one of the fans that didn't get it.
Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them.
It'd be stupid for me to sit here and say that there aren't kids who look up to me, but my responsibility is not to them. I'm not a baby sitter.
Before I was famous, when I was just working in Gilbert's Lodge, everything was moving in slow motion.
Fame hit me like a ton of bricks.
I always wished for this, but it's almost turning into more of a nightmare than a dream.
I come from Detroit where it's rough and I'm not a smooth talker.
I need drama in my life to keep making music.
I want to solidify as an artist and show that as I grow as a person and make mistakes and learn from them, I'm going to grow artistically.
I was poor white trash, no glitter, no glamour, but I'm not ashamed of anything.
I'd go to, like, six different schools in one year. We were on welfare, and my mom never ever worked.
It sometimes feels like a strange movie, you know, it's all so weird that sometimes I wonder if it is really happening.
My only scheme was to be a rapper.
My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape; that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
Say there's a white kid who lives in a nice home, goes to an all-white school, and is pretty much having everything handed to him on a platter - for him to pick up a rap tape is incredible to me, because what that's saying is that he's living a fantasy life of rebellion.
Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.
Yeah, I did see where the people dissing me were coming from. But, it's like, anything that happened in the past between black and white, I can't really speak on it, because I wasn't there. I don't feel like me being born the color I am makes me any less of a person.
I don't hate women - they just sometimes make me mad.
A lot of truth is said in jest.
Whoever does not regard what he has as most ample wealth, is unhappy, though he be master of the world.
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
Only the educated are free.
The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Unless we place our religion and our treasure in the same thing, religion will always be sacrificed.
All religions must be tolerated... for every man must get to heaven in his own way.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
If virtue promises happiness, prosperity and peace, then progress in virtue is progress in each of these for to whatever point the perfection of anything brings us, progress is always an approach toward it.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
No great thing is created suddenly.
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
He is a drunkard who takes more than three glasses though he be not drunk.
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
When your mother asks, 'Do you want a piece of advice?' it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
The only reason I would take up jogging is so that I could hear heavy breathing again.
Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.
One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is.
God created man, but I could do better.
Thanksgiving dinners take eighteen hours to prepare. They are consumed in twelve minutes. Half-times take twelve minutes. This is not coincidence.
What's with you men? Would hair stop growing on your chest if you asked directions somewhere?
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving.
I was terrible at straight items. When I wrote obituaries, my mother said the only thing I ever got them to do was die in alphabetical order.
I was too old for a paper route, too young for Social Security and too tired for an affair.
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
If you can't make it better, you can laugh at it.
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.
In general my children refuse to eat anything that hasn't danced in television.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding.
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men. True nobility lies in being superior to your former self.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy.
Never mistake motion for action.
The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
If you are lucky enough to have lived in Paris as a young man, then wherever you go for the rest of your life it stays with you, for Paris is a moveable feast.
You're beautiful, like a May fly.
It's none of their business that you have to learn how to write. Let them think you were born that way.
His talent was as natural as the pattern that was made by the dust on a butterfly's wings. At one time he understood it no more than the butterfly did and he did not know when it was brushed or marred.
All modern American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain called Huckleberry Finn.
I learned never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.
The only thing that could spoil a day was people. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.
If a writer knows enough about what he is writing about, he may omit things that he knows. The dignity of movement of an iceberg is due to only one ninth of it being above water.
Once we have a war there is only one thing to do. It must be won. For defeat brings worse things than any that can ever happen in war.
-1
The way of fortune is like the milkyway in the sky; which is a number of small stars, not seen asunder, but giving light together: so it is a number of little and scarce discerned virtues, or rather faculties and customs, that make men fortunate.
Truth is a good dog; but always beware of barking too close to the heels of an error, lest you get your brains kicked out.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.
Knowledge is power.
If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
If we do not maintain justice, justice will not maintain us.
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.
We cannot command Nature except by obeying her.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts, but if he will content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.
Write down the thoughts of the moment. Those that come unsought for are commonly the most valuable.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
Friends are thieves of time.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
Fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse.
Of all virtues and dignities of the mind, goodness is the greatest, being the character of the Deity; and without it, man is a busy, mischievous, wretched thing.
The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health.
Judges must beware of hard constructions and strained inferences, for there is no worse torture than that of laws.
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows.
If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men.
No one is to be called an enemy, all are your benefactors, and no one does you harm. You have no enemy except yourselves.
It is in pardoning that we are pardoned.
It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look.
If a superior give any order to one who is under him which is against that man's conscience, although he do not obey it yet he shall not be dismissed.
It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching.
Where there is injury let me sow pardon.
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
I am the herald of the Great King.
Great and glorious God, and Thou Lord Jesus, I pray you shed abroad your light in the darkness of my mind. Be found of me, Lord, so that in all things I may act only in accordance with Thy holy will.
Holy wisdom confounds Satan and all his wickednesses.
Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh.
Holy poverty confounds cupidity and avarice and the cares of this world.
Holy humility confounds pride and all the men of this world and all things that are in the world.
Holy charity confounds all diabolical and fleshly temptations and all fleshly fears.
The Father willed that his blessed and glorious Son, whom he gave to us and who was born for us, should through his own blood offer himself as a sacrificial victim on the altar of the cross. This was to be done not for himself through whom all things were made, but for our sins.
Men lose all the material things they leave behind them in this world, but they carry with them the reward of their charity and the alms they give. For these, they will receive from the Lord the reward and recompense they deserve.
Nothing is impossible; there are ways that lead to everything, and if we had sufficient will we should always have sufficient means. It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible.
We would frequently be ashamed of our good deeds if people saw all of the motives that produced them.
We pardon to the extent that we love.
There is no better proof of a man's being truly good than his desiring to be constantly under the observation of good men.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
Old people love to give good advice; it compensates them for their inability to set a bad example.
We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves.
Most of our faults are more pardonable than the means we use to conceal them.
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
Everyone complains of his memory, and nobody complains of his judgment.
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
If we resist our passions, it is more due to their weakness than our strength.
No man is clever enough to know all the evil he does.
Quarrels would not last long if the fault was only on one side.
The desire to seem clever often keeps us from being so.
The intellect is always fooled by the heart.
We are strong enough to bear the misfortunes of others.
We get so much in the habit of wearing disguises before others that we finally appear disguised before ourselves.
We would rather speak ill of ourselves than not talk about ourselves at all.
Why can we remember the tiniest detail that has happened to us, and not remember how many times we have told it to the same person.
Men give away nothing so liberally as their advice.
Buildings, too, are children of Earth and Sun.
There is nothing more uncommon than common sense.
Less is only more where more is no good.
Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.
An architect's most useful tools are an eraser at the drafting board, and a wrecking bar at the site.
The Lincoln Memorial is related to the toga and the civilization that wore it.
Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
The truth is more important than the facts.
Art for art's sake is a philosophy of the well-fed.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Freedom is from within.
The heart is the chief feature of a functioning mind.
An idea is salvation by imagination.
The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain.
I feel coming on a strange disease - humility.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.
Mechanization best serves mediocrity.
Rock 'n Roll: The most brutal, ugly, desperate, vicious form of expression it has been my misfortune to hear.
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine.
Hell hath no fury like a hustler with a literary agent.
The martial music of every sideburned delinquent on the face of the earth.
I'm for whatever gets you through the night.
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
I'm gonna live till I die.
I am a thing of beauty.
Don't get even, get mad.
You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
I like intelligent women. When you go out, it shouldn't be a staring contest.
Whatever else has been said about me personally is unimportant. When I sing, I believe. I'm honest.
I'm not one of those complicated, mixed-up cats. I'm not looking for the secret to life... I just go on from day to day, taking what comes.
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
People often remark that I'm pretty lucky. Luck is only important in so far as getting the chance to sell yourself at the right moment. After that, you've got to have talent and know how to use it.
Throughout my career, if I have done anything, I have paid attention to every note and every word I sing - if I respect the song. If I cannot project this to a listener, I fail.
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women; I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.
I'm trying to figure out, Chairman of what Board? People come up to me and seriously say: 'Well, what are you Chairman of?' And I can't answer them.
Nothing anybody's said or written about me ever bothers me, except when it does.
In Hoboken, when I was a kid, I lived in a plenty tough neighborhood.
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country.
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.
In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Remember you are just an extra in everyone else's play.
The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Competition has been shown to be useful up to a certain point and no further, but cooperation, which is the thing we must strive for today, begins where competition leaves off.
Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people. A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
It takes a long time to bring the past up to the present.
Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan. We will gain the inevitable triumph, so help us God.
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something.
The virtues are lost in self-interest as rivers are lost in the sea.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
It is an unfortunate human failing that a full pocketbook often groans more loudly than an empty stomach.
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward.
If you treat people right they will treat you right... ninety percent of the time.
Rules are not necessarily sacred, principles are.
Self-interest is the enemy of all true affection.
It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
There are as many opinions as there are experts.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us.
The experience of life consists of the experience which the spirit has of itself in matter and as matter, in mind and as mind, in emotion, as emotion, etc.
By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we create it. The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired.
I do not read advertisements. I would spend all of my time wanting things.
No sooner said than done - so acts your man of worth.
In argument similes are like songs in love; they describe much, but prove nothing.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
It is not necessary that you leave the house. Remain at your table and listen. Do not even listen, only wait. Do not even wait, be wholly still and alone. The world will present itself to you for its unmasking, it can do no other, in ecstasy it will writhe at your feet.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
May I kiss you then? On this miserable paper? I might as well open the window and kiss the night air.
My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted.
You can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid.
Anyone who cannot come to terms with his life while he is alive needs one hand to ward off a little his despair over his fate... but with his other hand he can note down what he sees among the ruins.
I have the true feeling of myself only when I am unbearably unhappy.
A first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
My peers, lately, have found companionship through means of intoxication - it makes them sociable. I, however, cannot force myself to use drugs to cheat on my loneliness - it is all that I have - and when the drugs and alcohol dissipate, will be all that my peers have as well.
In theory there is a possibility of perfect happiness: To believe in the indestructible element within one, and not to strive towards it.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
I always knew I was a star And now, the rest of the world seems to agree with me.
I want to lead the Victorian life, surrounded by exquisite clutter.
I'm hopeless with money; I simply spend what I've got.
When I'm dead, I want to be remembered as a musician of some worth and substance.
Who wants to live forever?
Is Billy Idol just doing a bad Elvis pout, or was he born that way?
A concert is not a live rendition of our album. It's a theatrica! event.
And, we have no such thing as a budget anymore. Our manager freaks when we show him the bill. We're lavish to the bone, but all our money goes back into the product.
Back in the old days, we were often compared to Led Zeppelin. If we did something with harmony, it was the Beach Hoys. Something heavy was Led Zeppelin.
But, you know, we spent two years putting our act together.
I dress to kill, but tastefully.
I guess I've always lived the glamorous life of a star. It 's nothing new - I used to spend down to the last dime.
I have fun with my clothes onstage; it's not a concert you're seeing, it's a fashion show.
I like to be surrounded by splendid things.
I think my melodies are superior to my lyrics.
I was never too keen on the British music press. They've called us a supermarket hype, and they used to suggest that we didn't write our own songs.
I'm not into business at all.
I'm very emotional; I think I may go mad in several years' time.
If we're weird onstage, I don't know what you'd call the Tubes.
In the early days, we just wore black onstage. Very bold, my dear. Then we introduced white, for variety, and it simply grew and grew.
It destroys the soul to hear that you're all hype, that you have no talent, and that your whole career has been contrived.
One night Roger was in a foul mood and he threw his entire bloody drumset across the stage. The thing only just missed me - I might have been killed.
Onstage, I am a devil. But I'm hardly a social reject.
The lavish presentation appeals to me, and I've got to convince the others.
The others don't like my interviews. And frankly, I don't care much for theirs.
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake.
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.
The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
One and God make a majority.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
The soul that is within me no man can degrade.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
When men sow the wind it is rational to expect that they will reap the whirlwind.
Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
A little learning, indeed, may be a dangerous thing, but the want of learning is a calamity to any people.
The thing worse than rebellion is the thing that causes rebellion.
A battle lost or won is easily described, understood, and appreciated, but the moral growth of a great nation requires reflection, as well as observation, to appreciate it.
A gentleman will not insult me, and no man not a gentleman can insult me.
A man's character always takes its hue, more or less, from the form and color of things about him.
America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future.
At a time like this, scorching irony, not convincing argument, is needed.
I am a Republican, a black, dyed in the wool Republican, and I never intend to belong to any other party than the party of freedom and progress.
I didn't know I was a slave until I found out I couldn't do the things I wanted.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. Yet his shadow still looms. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives; who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves?
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful; and if a little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm.
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
We hear only those questions for which we are in a position to find answers.
The best author will be the one who is ashamed to become a writer.
Many are stubborn in pursuit of the path they have chosen, few in pursuit of the goal.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn.
There are no facts, only interpretations.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
When one has a great deal to put into it a day has a hundred pockets.
-1
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
The faults of the burglar are the qualities of the financier.
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
Few of us have vitality enough to make any of our instincts imperious.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
A fashion is nothing but an induced epidemic.
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one.
No question is so difficult to answer as that to which the answer is obvious.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
Think off-center.
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
When you're born you get a ticket to the freak show. When you're born in America, you get a front row seat.
People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think.
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom.
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it.
I recently went to a new doctor and noticed he was located in something called the Professional Building. I felt better right away.
I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent.
Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established.
I'm always relieved when someone is delivering a eulogy and I realize I'm listening to it.
I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.
Standing ovations have become far too commonplace. What we need are ovations where the audience members all punch and kick one another.
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses we must plant more trees.
The world is full of hopeful analogies and handsome, dubious eggs, called possibilities.
Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms.
We long for an affection altogether ignorant of our faults. Heaven has accorded this to us in the uncritical canine attachment.
He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow.
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms.
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief, in denying them.
The years between fifty and seventy are the hardest. You are always being asked to do things, and yet you are not decrepit enough to turn them down.
We must not sit still and look for miracles; up and doing, and the Lord will be with thee. Prayer and pains, through faith in Christ Jesus, will do anything.
Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
I like trying to get pregnant. I'm not so sure about childbirth.
The golden moments in the stream of life rush past us, and we see nothing but sand; the angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
There are many victories worse than a defeat.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
Conscientious people are apt to see their duty in that which is the most painful course.
Consequences are unpitying.
We hand folks over to God's mercy, and show none ourselves.
Nothing is so good as it seems beforehand.
When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
But that intimacy of mutual embarrassment, in which each feels that the other is feeling something, having once existed, its effect is not to be done away with.
What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious.
It is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
Big Brother is watching you.
It is almost universally felt that when we call a country democratic we are praising it; consequently, the defenders of every kind of regime claim that it is a democracy, and fear that they might have to stop using the word if it were tied down to any one meaning.
In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
Liberal: a power worshipper without power.
He was an embittered atheist, the sort of atheist who does not so much disbelieve in God as personally dislike Him.
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
Nobody ever defended anything successfully, there is only attack and attack and attack some more.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
Americans play to win at all times. I wouldn't give a hoot and hell for a man who lost and laughed. That's why Americans have never lost nor ever lose a war.
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!
Untutored courage is useless in the face of educated bullets.
Better to fight for something than live for nothing.
Battle is an orgy of disorder.
All very successful commanders are prima donnas and must be so treated.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
The wisest mind has something yet to learn.
Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are.
It is possible to be a master in false philosophy, easier, in fact, than to be a master in the truth, because a false philosophy can be made as simple and consistent as one pleases.
I believe in general in a dualism between facts and the ideas of those facts in human heads.
Nothing can so pierce the soul as the uttermost sigh of the body.
The Soul is the voice of the body's interests.
It is a revenge the devil sometimes takes upon the virtuous, that he entraps them by the force of the very passion they have suppressed and think themselves superior to.
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there.
To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography.
Chaos is a name for any order that produces confusion in our minds.
Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it.
The Bible is literature, not dogma.
Sanity is madness put to good use.
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in the conclusions; their reasons are always different.
Experience seems to most of us to lead to conclusions, but empiricism has sworn never to draw them.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.
I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.
If you're sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles, come and join this campaign.
States should have the right to enact laws... particularly to end the inhumane practice of ending a life that otherwise could live.
Use power to help people. For we are given power not to advance our own purposes nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power and it is to serve people.
You can't put democracy and freedom back into a box.
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example; I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me.
We will make no distinction between the terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbour them.
To those of you who received honours, awards and distinctions, I say well done. And to the C students, I say you, too, can be president of the United States.
Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation's promise through civility, courage, compassion and character.
The resolve of our great nation is being tested. But make no mistake, we will show the world that we will pass the test.
I can hear you, the rest of the world can hear you and the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
America is a friend to the people of Iraq. Our demands are directed only at the regime that enslaves them and threatens us. When these demands are met, the first and greatest benefit will come to Iraqi men, women and children.
America must not ignore the threat gathering against us. Facing clear evidence of peril, we cannot wait for the final proof, the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud.
On September 11 2001, America felt its vulnerability even to threats that gather on the other side of the Earth. We resolved then, and we are resolved today, to confront every threat from any source that could bring sudden terror and suffering to America.
Saddam Hussein is a homicidal dictator who is addicted to weapons of mass destruction.
Some have argued that confronting the threat from Iraq could detract from the war against terror. To the contrary, confronting the threat posed by Iraq is crucial to winning the war on terror.
We will stand up for our friends in the world. And one of the most important friends is the State of Israel. My administration will be steadfast in support Israel against terrorism and violence, and in seeking the peace for which all Israelis pray.
There's no bigger task than protecting the homeland of our country.
This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war.
Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of American resolve.
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.
The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it.
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it; if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.
I walk on untrodden ground. There is scarcely any part of my conduct which may not hereafter be drawn into precedent.
My observation is that whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty... it is worse executed by two persons, and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire, called conscience.
When we assumed the Soldier, we did not lay aside the Citizen.
Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair; the rest is in the hands of God.
Mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own government.
You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.
When you take a flower in your hand and really look at it, it's your world for the moment. I want to give that world to someone else. Most people in the city rush around so, they have no time to look at a flower. I want them to see it whether they want to or not.
One can't paint New York as it is, but rather as it is felt.
Sun-bleached bones were most wonderful against the blue - that blue that will always be there as it is now after all man's destruction is finished.
Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
I hate flowers - I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move.
I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
One can not be an American by going about saying that one is an American. It is necessary to feel America, like America, love America and then work.
Marks on paper are free - free speech - press - pictures all go together I suppose.
Singing has always seemed to me the most perfect means of expression. It is so spontaneous. And after singing, I think the violin. Since I cannot sing, I paint.
It was in the 1920s, when nobody had time to reflect, that I saw a still-life painting with a flower that was perfectly exquisite, but so small you really could not appreciate it.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
Anyone who doesn't feel the crosses simply doesn't get that country.
I believe I would rather have Stieglitz like something - anything I had done - than anyone else I know.
I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught.
I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
I know now that most people are so closely concerned with themselves that they are not aware of their own individuality, I can see myself, and it has helped me to say what I want to say in paint.
I often lay on that bench looking up into the tree, past the trunk and up into the branches. It was particularly fine at night with the stars above the tree.
I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could.
I said to myself, I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
It was all so far away - there was quiet and an untouched feel to the country and I could work as I pleased.
I don't very much enjoy looking at paintings in general. I know too much about them. I take them apart.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair.
I was planning to go into architecture. But when I arrived, architecture was filled up. Acting was right next to it, so I signed up for acting instead.
The honest poor can sometimes forget poverty. The honest rich can never forget it.
The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see.
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
People generally quarrel because they cannot argue.
Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity.
Brave men are all vertebrates; they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Journalism is popular, but it is popular mainly as fiction. Life is one world, and life seen in the newspapers is another.
Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and not tried.
There is nothing the matter with Americans except their ideals. The real American is all right; it is the ideal American who is all wrong.
Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered.
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
I regard golf as an expensive way of playing marbles.
The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind.
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
There's no greater gift than thinking that you had some impact on the world, for the better.
No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing.
Most women are one man away from welfare.
A woman reading Playboy feels a little like a Jew reading a Nazi manual.
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
We can tell our values by looking at our checkbook stubs.
What has the women's movement learned from Geraldine Ferraro's candidacy for vice president? Never get married.
I'd like to be played as a child by Natalie Wood. I'd have some romantic scenes as Audrey Hepburn and have gritty black-and-white scenes as Patricia Neal.
Writing is the only thing that, when I do it, I don't feel I should be doing something else.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.
Law and justice are not always the same.
From pacifist to terrorist, each person condemns violence - and then adds one cherished case in which it may be justified.
Most women's magazines simply try to mold women into bigger and better consumers.
I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career.
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
Power can be taken, but not given. The process of the taking is empowerment in itself.
It's an incredible con job when you think about it, to believe something now in exchange for something after death. Even corporations with their reward systems don't try to make it posthumous.
We'll never solve the feminization of power until we solve the masculinity of wealth.
We need to remember across generations that there is as much to learn as there is to teach.
Hope is a very unruly emotion.
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort.
Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us.
I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Someday I intend reading it.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
I didn't like the play, but then I saw it under adverse conditions - the curtain was up.
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Humor is reason gone mad.
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you.
I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.
I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30.
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
A man's only as old as the woman he feels.
Of all lies, art is the least untrue.
Everything one invents is true, you may be perfectly sure of that. Poetry is as precise as geometry.
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
As a rule we disbelieve all the facts and theories for which we have no use.
Read in order to live.
Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
The deplorable mania of doubt exhausts me. I doubt about everything, even my doubts.
Nothing is more humiliating than to see idiots succeed in enterprises we have failed in.
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.
Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
All one's inventions are true, you can be sure of that. Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.
The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him.
There is no truth. There is only perception.
Exuberance is better than taste.
Madame Bovary is myself.
The author, in his work, must be like God in the Universe, present everywhere and visible nowhere.
The faster the word sticks to the thought, the more beautiful is the effect.
The whole dream of democracy is to raise the proletarian to the level of stupidity attained by the bourgeois.
-1
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.
It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office.
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies.
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods.
A newspaper is a device for making the ignorant more ignorant and the crazy crazier.
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
If, after I depart this vale, you ever remember me and have thought to please my ghost, forgive some sinner and wink your eye at some homely girl.
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't they'd be married too.
A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married.
No married man is genuinely happy if he has to drink worse whisky than he used to drink when he was single.
It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics or chemistry.
Life is a hideous thing, and from the background behind what we know of it peer daemoniacal hints of truth which make it sometimes a thousandfold more hideous.
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.
Fear is our deepest and strongest emotion, and the one which best lends itself to the creation of nature-defying illusions.
The process of delving into the black abyss is to me the keenest form of fascination.
The most merciful thing in the world... is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
It is no compliment to be the stupidly idolised master of a dog whose instinct it is to idolise, but it is a very distinct tribute to be chosen as the friend and confidant of a philosophic cat who is wholly his own master and could easily choose another companion if he found such an one more agreeable and interesting.
There be those who say that things and places have souls, and there be those who say they have not; I dare not say, myself, but I will tell of The Street.
But are not the dreams of poets and the tales of travellers notoriously false?
Toil without song is like a weary journey without an end.
Searchers after horror haunt strange, far places.
We shall see that at which dogs howl in the dark, and that at which cats prick up their ears after midnight.
Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
But more wonderful than the lore of old men and the lore of books is the secret lore of ocean.
What a man does for pay is of little significance. What he is, as a sensitive instrument responsive to the world's beauty, is everything!
I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.
I couldn't live a week without a private library - indeed, I'd part with all my furniture and squat and sleep on the floor before I'd let go of the 1500 or so books I possess.
I am disillusioned enough to know that no man's opinion on any subject is worth a damn unless backed up with enough genuine information to make him really know what he's talking about.
Bunch together a group of people deliberately chosen for strong religious feelings, and you have a practical guarantee of dark morbidities expressed in crime, perversion, and insanity.
If religion were true, its followers would not try to bludgeon their young into an artificial conformity; but would merely insist on their unbending quest for truth, irrespective of artificial backgrounds or practical consequences.
To the scientist there is the joy in pursuing truth which nearly counteracts the depressing revelations of truth.
The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind.
If I could create an ideal world, it would be an England with the fire of the Elizabethans, the correct taste of the Georgians, and the refinement and pure ideals of the Victorians.
Heaven knows where I'll end up - but it's a safe bet that I'll never be at the top of anything! Nor do I particularly care to be.
I fear my enthusiasm flags when real work is demanded of me.
It is easy to remove the mind from harping on the lost illusion of immortality. The disciplined intellect fears nothing and craves no sugar-plum at the day's end, but is content to accept life and serve society as best it may.
I was the conductor of the Underground Railroad for eight years, and I can say what most conductors can't say; I never ran my train off the track and I never lost a passenger.
As I lay so sick on my bed, from Christmas till March, I was always praying for poor ole master. 'Pears like I didn't do nothing but pray for ole master. 'Oh, Lord, convert ole master;' 'Oh, dear Lord, change dat man's heart, and make him a Christian.'
I had crossed the line. I was free; but there was no one to welcome me to the land of freedom. I was a stranger in a strange land.
Twasn't me, 'twas the Lord! I always told Him, 'I trust to you. I don't know where to go or what to do, but I expect You to lead me,' an' He always did.
In my dreams and visions, I seemed to see a line, and on the other side of that line were green fields, and lovely flowers, and beautiful white ladies, who stretched out their arms to me over the line, but I couldn't reach them no-how. I always fell before I got to the line.
I said to de Lord, 'I'm goin' to hold steady on to you, an' I know you'll see me through.'
I've heard 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' read, and I tell you Mrs. Stowe's pen hasn't begun to paint what slavery is as I have seen it at the far South. I've seen de real thing, and I don't want to see it on no stage or in no theater.
Never wound a snake; kill it.
I grew up like a neglected weed - ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it.
I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death; if I could not have one, I would have the other.
I looked at my hands to see if I was the same person. There was such a glory over everything. The sun came up like gold through the trees, and I felt like I was in heaven.
I would fight for my liberty so long as my strength lasted, and if the time came for me to go, the Lord would let them take me.
Lord, I'm going to hold steady on to You and You've got to see me through.
Quakers almost as good as colored. They call themselves friends and you can trust them every time.
You'll be free or die!
Pears like I prayed all the time, 'bout my work, everywhere, I prayed an' groaned to the Lord.
Why, der language down dar in de far South is jus' as different from ours in Maryland, as you can think. Dey laughed when dey heard me talk, an' I could not understand 'dem, no how.
Read my letter to the old folks, and give my love to them, and tell my brothers to be always watching unto prayer, and when the good old ship of Zion comes along, to be ready to step aboard.
Pears like my heart go flutter, flutter, and then they may say, 'Peace, Peace,' as much as they likes - I know it's goin' to be war!
Most of those coming from the mainland are very destitute, almost naked. I am trying to find places for those able to work, and provide for them as best I can, so as to lighten the burden on the Government as much as possible, while at the same time they learn to respect themselves by earning their own living.
I think there's many a slaveholder'll get to Heaven. They don't know better. They acts up to the light they have.
Now I've been free, I know what a dreadful condition slavery is. I have seen hundreds of escaped slaves, but I never saw one who was willing to go back and be a slave.
I think slavery is the next thing to hell. If a person would send another into bondage, he would, it appears to me, be bad enough to send him into hell if he could.
I never had anything good, no sweet, no sugar; and that sugar, right by me, did look so nice, and my mistress's back was turned to me while she was fighting with her husband, so I just put my fingers in the sugar bowl to take one lump, and maybe she heard me, for she turned and saw me. The next minute, she had the rawhide down.
I had two sisters carried away in a chain-gang - one of them left two children. We were always uneasy.
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
The atom bomb was no 'great decision.' It was merely another powerful weapon in the arsenal of righteousness.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
All the president is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing, and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway.
The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all.
You know that being an American is more than a matter of where your parents came from. It is a belief that all men are created free and equal and that everyone deserves an even break.
If I'd known how much packing I'd have to do, I'd have run again.
Any man who has had the job I've had and didn't have a sense of humor wouldn't still be here.
In my opinion eight years as president is enough and sometimes too much for any man to serve in that capacity.
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-I'm taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible.
I remember when I first came to Washington. For the first six months you wonder how the hell you ever got here. For the next six months you wonder how the hell the rest of them ever got here.
The Marine Corps is the Navy's police force and as long as I am President that is what it will remain. They have a propaganda machine that is almost equal to Stalin's.
Whenever you put a man on the Supreme Court he ceases to be your friend.
My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
Upon books the collective education of the race depends; they are the sole instruments of registering, perpetuating and transmitting thought.
The reward of suffering is experience.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
I've said many a time that I think the Un-American Activities Committee in the House of Representatives was the most un-American thing in America!
The White House is the finest prison in the world.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
Self-pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in this world.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
Science may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all - the apathy of human beings.
I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
It is hard to interest those who have everything in those who have nothing.
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.
The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of tiny pushes of each honest worker.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
There are moments when all anxiety and stated toil are becalmed in the infinite leisure and repose of nature.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
If the machine of government is of such a nature that it requires you to be the agent of injustice to another, then, I say, break the law.
It is better to have your head in the clouds, and know where you are... than to breathe the clearer atmosphere below them, and think that you are in paradise.
What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
There is no value in life except what you choose to place upon it and no happiness in any place except what you bring to it yourself.
It is what a man thinks of himself that really determines his fate.
There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Make the most of your regrets; never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.
I am grateful for what I am and have. My thanksgiving is perpetual.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Life will not break your heart. It'll crush it.
So, one way or another, I found myself in a few movies. I take it seriously when I'm on the set, but I don't take myself seriously as an actor.
I don't mind The Boss. I think he's an honest guy. I have some of his records, not all of them. I've met a couple of the E-Street guys, and they seem really cool.
In the summer of '84, you just couldn't escape the Born in the USA record.
I'm most in my element on tour, with a gig that day, like today. I'm on the road where I am supposed to be. I will be where I'm supposed to be at nighttime, on stage, in front of people, doing my thing.
This is my 25th year of being on stage. A lot of people who I kind of toed up to the starting line with are no longer in this position. I feel very, very lucky.
I just get things done instead of talking about getting them done. I don't go out and party. I don't smoke, drink or do drugs and I'm not married, that leaves a lot of time for my work.
It is just that I don't want a wife and I don't want kids.
I'm 36 and if I met a woman of my own age and married her, I'd also be marrying her former life, her past. It might be OK for some people - I don't want to judge it or anything - but it's not for me. It would destroy my creativity.
Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own.
I need to do things on my own, need to be left alone.
I mean I appreciate fan mail and that the people like what I am doing but I can't answer it. If I would answer 25 letters a day I would be just a guy answering mail and not an artist anymore.
I don't mean to be arrogant and I really appreciate my fans but talking about what I am doing is not something I'm good at. I do what I do and that's it. I want to get back to my work and do more of it instead of talking about it.
I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else.
I can deal with people who watch me on stage but I am not good in communicating with people any other way than through my work.
Being an artist is dragging your innermost feelings out, giving a piece of yourself, no matter in which art form, in which medium.
As long as I tell the truth I feel that nobody can touch me.
I've always seen it as the role of an artist to drag his inside out, give the audience all you've got. Writers, actors, singers, all good artists do the same. It isn't supposed to be easy.
So I'm more at home with my backpack, sleeping in a hotel room or on a bus or on an airplane, than I am necessarily on a bed. It's weird being here. It feels like I'm standing next to my real life.
What I don't want to do is go out there and not be able to mean it, you know?
The only difference between me and others is that they think they can change something with cute little poems, nice cards or embracing trees and being nice to little lapdogs.
I am an optimist because I want to change things for the better and I know that blood has to be spilled and disharmony and cruelty are necessary to do that.
My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud.
I can't remember that I ever had just a minute of stage fright.
Giving a good performance, giving it all is what it's all about. I love to perform.
Critics are sentinels in the grand army of letters, stationed at the corners of newspapers and reviews, to challenge every new author.
The human voice is the organ of the soul.
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it.
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain.
For age is opportunity no less Than youth itself, though in another dress, And as the evening twilight fades away The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.
I have an affection for a great city. I feel safe in the neighborhood of man, and enjoy the sweet security of the streets.
If we could read the secret history of our enemies we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.
Method is more important than strength, when you wish to control your enemies. By dropping golden beads near a snake, a crow once managed To have a passer-by kill the snake for the beads.
Whoever benefits his enemy with straightforward intention that man's enemies will soon fold their hands in devotion.
People demand freedom only when they have no power.
Joy, temperance, and repose, slam the door on the doctor's nose.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
Ambition is so powerful a passion in the human breast, that however high we reach we are never satisfied.
Man is always more than he can know of himself; consequently, his accomplishments, time and again, will come as a surprise to him.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.
Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.
Talk not of wasted affection - affection never was wasted.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
Character is destiny.
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.
The eyes are more exact witnesses than the ears.
Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
Couples are wholes and not wholes, what agrees disagrees, the concordant is discordant. From all things one and from one all things.
The chain of wedlock is so heavy that it takes two to carry it - and sometimes three.
The hidden harmony is better than the obvious.
Nothing endures but change.
Opposition brings concord. Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
The sun is new each day.
Nature is wont to hide herself.
Even sleepers are workers and collaborators in what goes on in the Universe.
A man's character is his guardian divinity.
If you do not expect the unexpected you will not find it, for it is not to be reached by search or trail.
Bigotry is the sacred disease.
To do the same thing over and over again is not only boredom: it is to be controlled by rather than to control what you do.
Corpses are more fit to be thrown out than is dung.
Change alone is unchanging.
I am what libraries and librarians have made me, with little assistance from a professor of Greek and poets.
There is nothing permanent except change.
The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever.
I tend to live in the past because most of my life is there.
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.
The trouble with born-again Christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around.
Just two days in Manhattan and you find yourself looking for a place to wash your handkerchief after you wipe your forehead and it comes away black. Is there a dirtier or more fascinating city anywhere in the land? The answer to both parts of the question has to be positively negative.
San Franciscans have a bond of self-satisfaction bordering on smugness.
New Yorkers are stuck in a gloomy mucilage of mutual commiseration.
The world of Manhattan is small and tightly knit, and the man on top retains a certain humility. He knows how far and fast he can fall by looking at the guy across the street. The view from the $250,000 apartment covers a lot of ground, most of it condemned.
Old San Francisco - the one so many nostalgics yearn for - had buildings that related well to each other.
I have a memory like an elephant. I remember every elephant I've ever met.
When a place advertises itself as 'World Famous,' you may be sure it isn't.
Logic is no answer to passion.
Satire of satire tends to be self-canceling, and deliberate shock tactics soon lose their ability to shock, especially when they're too deliberate.
Americans are pragmatic, relatively uncomplicated, hearty and given to broad humor.
A city is a state - of mind, of taste, of opportunity. A city is a marketplace - where ideas are traded, opinions clash and eternal conflict may produce eternal truths.
A city is not gauged by its length and width, but by the broadness of its vision and the height of its dreams.
A city is a crazy concrete jungle whose people at the end of each day somehow make a small step ahead against terrible odds.
A city is where you can sign a petition, boo the chief justice, fish off a pier, gaze at a hippopotamus, buy a flower at the corner, or get a good hamburger or a bad girl at 4 A.M. A city is where sirens make white streaks of sound in the sky and foghorns speak in dark grays. San Francisco is such a city.
I hope I go to Heaven, and when I do, I'm going to do what every San Franciscan does when he gets there. He looks around and says, 'It ain't bad, but it ain't San Francisco.'
A good column is one that sells paper. It doesn't matter how beautifully it is written and how much you admire the author... if it doesn't sell any papers, it's not a good column. It's a terrible yardstick to use, but in the newspaper business, that's the whole thing.
The only way to fight a thing like 50 is to stay au courant if it kills you.
Philosophically, I don't like doing commercials.
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
Everything in excess is opposed to nature.
Prayer indeed is good, but while calling on the gods a man should himself lend a hand.
Science is the father of knowledge, but opinion breeds ignorance.
Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm.
Extreme remedies are very appropriate for extreme diseases.
The life so short, the craft so long to learn.
Make a habit of two things: to help; or at least to do no harm.
Natural forces within us are the true healers of disease.
Life is short, the art long.
What medicines do not heal, the lance will; what the lance does not heal, fire will.
Walking is man's best medicine.
The art is long, life is short.
Many admire, few know.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
It's far more important to know what person the disease has than what disease the person has.
There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.
The chief virtue that language can have is clearness, and nothing detracts from it so much as the use of unfamiliar words.
A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
By disgracing and degrading the presidency of the United States, by fleeing the White House like a diseased cur, Richard Nixon broke the heart of the American Dream.
Some may never live, but the crazy never die.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.
America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
The Edge... there is no honest way to explain it because the only people who really know where it is are the ones who have gone over.
No man is so foolish but he may sometimes give another good counsel, and no man so wise that he may not easily err if he takes no other counsel than his own. He that is taught only by himself has a fool for a master.
The person who doesn't scatter the morning dew will not comb gray hairs.
There is nothing more helpless and irresponsible than a man in the depths of an ether binge.
It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
That was always the difference between Muhammad Ali and the rest of us. He came, he saw, and if he didn't entirely conquer - he came as close as anybody we are likely to see in the lifetime of this doomed generation.
If I'd written all the truth I knew for the past ten years, about 600 people - including me - would be rotting in prison cells from Rio to Seattle today. Absolute truth is a very rare and dangerous commodity in the context of professional journalism.
Going to trial with a lawyer who considers your whole life-style a Crime in Progress is not a happy prospect.
I have a theory that the truth is never told during the nine-to-five hours.
A word to the wise is infuriating.
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.
If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up.
In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.
Of all the men that have run for president in the twentieth century, only George McGovern truly understood what a monument America could be to the human race.
The trouble with Nixon is that he's a serious politics junkie. He's totally hooked and like any other junkie, he's a bummer to have around, especially as President.
-1
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult.
Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
John Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'
I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.
He had read much, if one considers his long life; but his contemplation was much more than his reading. He was wont to say that if he had read as much as other men he should have known no more than other men.
It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
From my close observation of writers... they fall into two groups: 1) those who bleed copiously and visibly at any bad review, and 2) those who bleed copiously and secretly at any bad review.
Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.
If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.
Plato is my friend; Aristotle is my friend, but my greatest friend is truth.
Christ comes as a thief in the night, &amp; it is not for us to know the times &amp; seasons which God hath put into his own breast.
Gravity may put the planets into motion, but without the divine Power, it could never put them into such a circulating motion as they have about the Sun; and therefore, for this as well as other reasons, I am compelled to ascribe the frame of this System to an intelligent Agent.
If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science.
We are to admit no more causes of natural things than such as are both true and sufficient to explain their appearances.
An object in motion tends to remain in motion along a straight line unless acted upon by an outside force.
What goes up must come down.
The Ignis Fatuus is a vapor shining without heat.
There are more sure marks of authenticity in the Bible that in any profane history.
Genius is patience.
To explain all nature is too difficult a task for any one man or even for any one age. 'Tis much better to do a little with certainty &amp; leave the rest for others that come after you.
-1
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.
It is our choices... that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Secretly we're all a little more absurd than we make ourselves out to be.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
I will carry on writing, to be sure. But I don't know if I would want to publish again after Harry Potter.
Death is just life's next big adventure.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.
Humans have a knack for choosing precisely the things that are worst for them.
If you're holding out for universal popularity, I'm afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Never be ashamed! There's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth bothering with.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and must therefore be treated with great caution.
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
What's coming will come and we'll just have to meet it when it does.
The wide world is all about you: you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot forever fence it out.
Not all those who wander are lost.
A safe fairyland is untrue to all worlds.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost.
So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their ending!
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.
Go not to the Elves for counsel, for they will say both no and yes.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
I wish life was not so short,' he thought. 'Languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.'
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
I never liked Hans Christian Andersen because I knew he was always getting at me.
I don't like allegories.
If you really want to know what Middle-earth is based on, it's my wonder and delight in the earth as it is, particularly the natural earth.
A pen is to me as a beak is to a hen.
It is plain indeed that in spite of later estrangement Hobbits are relatives of ours: far nearer to us than Elves, or even than Dwarves. Of old they spoke the languages of Men, after their own fashion, and liked and disliked much the same things as Men did. But what exactly our relationship is can no longer be discovered.
Don't go getting mixed up in the business of your betters, or you'll land in trouble too big for you.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Change before you have to.
I was afraid of the internet... because I couldn't type.
Strong managers who make tough decisions to cut jobs provide the only true job security in today's world. Weak managers are the problem. Weak managers destroy jobs.
Giving people self-confidence is by far the most important thing that I can do. Because then they will act.
We've only been wealthy in this country for 70 years. Who said we ought to have all this? Is it ordained?
If GE's strategy of investment in China is wrong, it represents a loss of a billion dollars, perhaps a couple of billion dollars. If it is right, it is the future of this company for the next century.
The essence of competitiveness is liberated when we make people believe that what they think and do is important - and then get out of their way while they do it.
If you pick the right people and give them the opportunity to spread their wings and put compensation as a carrier behind it you almost don't have to manage them.
The Internet is the Viagra of big business.
Globalization has changed us into a company that searches the world, not just to sell or to source, but to find intellectual capital - the world's best talents and greatest ideas.
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.
My main job was developing talent. I was a gardener providing water and other nourishment to our top 750 people. Of course, I had to pull out some weeds, too.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Don't manage - lead change before you have to.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
Be candid with everyone.
If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete.
Give me a highly successful unionized industry.
Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
You can't grow long-term if you can't eat short-term. Anybody can manage short. Anybody can manage long. Balancing those two things is what management is.
What's important at the grocery store is just as important in engines or medical systems. If the customer isn't satisfied, if the stuff is getting stale, if the shelf isn't right, or if the offerings aren't right, it's the same thing. You manage it like a small organization. You don't get hung up on zeros.
Pop flies, in a sense, are just a diversion for a second baseman. Grounders are his stock trade.
There's not an American in this country free until every one of us is free.
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Above anything else, I hate to lose.
Baseball is like a poker game. Nobody wants to quit when he's losing; nobody wants you to quit when you're ahead.
How you played in yesterday's game is all that counts.
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me... All I ask is that you respect me as a human being.
It kills me to lose. If I'm a troublemaker, and I don't think that my temper makes me one, then it's because I can't stand losing. That's the way I am about winning, all I ever wanted to do was finish first.
Life is not a spectator sport. If you're going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just watching what goes on, in my opinion you're wasting your life.
The right of every American to first-class citizenship is the most important issue of our time.
The way I figured it, I was even with baseball and baseball with me. The game had done much for me, and I had done much for it.
This ain't fun. But you watch me, I'll get it done.
I speak to you only as an American who happens to be an American Negro and one who is proud of that heritage. We ask for nothing special. We ask only that we be permitted to compete on an even basis, and if we are not worthy, then the competition shall, per se, eliminate us.
I cannot salute the flag; I know that I am a black man in a white world. In 1972, in 1947, at my birth in 1919, I know that I never had it made.
During my life, I have had a few nightmares which happened to me while I was wide awake. One of them was the National Republican Convention in San Francisco, which produced the greatest disaster the Republican Party has ever known - Nominee Barry Goldwater.
A new breed of Republicans has taken over the GOP. It is a new breed which is seeking to sell to Americans a doctrine which is as old as mankind - the doctrine of racial division, the doctrine of racial prejudice, the doctrine of white supremacy.
It would make everything I worked for meaningless if baseball is integrated but political parties were segregated.
Many people resented my impatience and honesty, but I never cared about acceptance as much as I cared about respect.
I had no future with the Dodgers, because I was too closely identified with Branch Rickey. After the club was taken over by Walter O'Malley, you couldn't even mention Mr. Rickey's name in front of him. I considered Mr. Rickey the greatest human being I had ever known.
My problem was my inability to spend much time at home. I thought my family was secure, so I went running around everyplace else. I guess I had more of an effect on other people's kids than I did my own.
The old Dodgers were something special, but of my teammates overall, there was nobody like Pee Wee Reese for me.
I want everybody to understand that I am an American Negro first before I am a member of any political party.
In my opinion, baseball is as big a business as anything there is. It has to be a business, the way it is conducted.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be; your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration.
Above all be of single aim; have a legitimate and useful purpose, and devote yourself unreservedly to it.
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.
In all human affairs there are efforts, and there are results, and the strength of the effort is the measure of the result.
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Let there be nothing within thee that is not very beautiful and very gentle, and there will be nothing without thee that is not beautiful and softened by the spell of thy presence.
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do.
The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny.
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him.
A man is not rightly conditioned until he is a happy, healthy, and prosperous being; and happiness, health, and prosperity are the result of a harmonious adjustment of the inner with the outer of the man with his surroundings.
Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love.
It is a process of diverting one's scattered forces into one powerful channel.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
He who would accomplish little must sacrifice little; he who would achieve much must sacrifice much; he who would attain highly must sacrifice greatly.
If you real desire is to be good, there is no need to wait for the money before you do it; you can do it now, this very moment, and just where you are.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves; they therefore remain bound.
A man is literally what he thinks.
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts.
The paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.
It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.
The power of the white world is threatened whenever a black man refuses to accept the white world's definitions.
Anyone who has ever struggled with poverty knows how extremely expensive it is to be poor.
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.
I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
Everybody's journey is individual. If you fall in love with a boy, you fall in love with a boy. The fact that many Americans consider it a disease says more about them than it does about homosexuality.
Nothing is more desirable than to be released from an affliction, but nothing is more frightening than to be divested of a crutch.
Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black.
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by others doing it.
To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.
People who treat other people as less than human must not be surprised when the bread they have cast on the waters comes floating back to them, poisoned.
Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks.
But the relationship of morality and power is a very subtle one. Because ultimately power without morality is no longer power.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
The noblest spirit is most strongly attracted by the love of glory.
When a man asks himself what is meant by action he proves that he isn't a man of action. Action is a lack of balance. In order to act you must be somewhat insane. A reasonably sensible man is satisfied with thinking.
I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative.
The questions which one asks oneself begin, at least, to illuminate the world, and become one's key to the experience of others.
To act is to be committed, and to be committed is to be in danger.
The future is like heaven, everyone exalts it, but no one wants to go there now.
Money, it turned out, was exactly like sex, you thought of nothing else if you didn't have it and thought of other things if you did.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.
The Constitution preserves the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation where the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power.
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money.
It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.
A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
What prudent merchant will hazard his fortunes in any new branch of commerce when he knows not that his plans may be rendered unlawful before they can be executed?
I entirely concur in the propriety of resorting to the sense in which the Constitution was accepted and ratified by the nation. In that sense alone it is the legitimate Constitution.
The purpose of separation of church and state is to keep forever from these shores the ceaseless strife that has soaked the soil of Europe with blood for centuries.
The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home.
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
The diversity in the faculties of men, from which the rights of property originate, is not less an insuperable obstacle to an uniformity of interests. The protection of these faculties is the first object of government.
Learned Institutions ought to be favorite objects with every free people. They throw that light over the public mind which is the best security against crafty and dangerous encroachments on the public liberty.
What is government itself but the greatest of all reflections on human nature?
As a man is said to have a right to his property, he may be equally said to have a property in his rights.
It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their own choice if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot be understood.
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.
A woman, especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other.
Those who do not complain are never pitied.
If things are going untowardly one month, they are sure to mend the next.
I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.
To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
In nine cases out of ten, a woman had better show more affection than she feels.
They are much to be pitied who have not been given a taste for nature early in life.
From politics, it was an easy step to silence.
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?
One cannot be always laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves; vanity, to what we would have others think of us.
It is always incomprehensible to a man that a woman should ever refuse an offer of marriage.
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
It will, I believe, be everywhere found, that as the clergy are, or are not what they ought to be, so are the rest of the nation.
An engaged woman is always more agreeable than a disengaged. She is satisfied with herself. Her cares are over, and she feels that she may exert all her powers of pleasing without suspicion. All is safe with a lady engaged; no harm can be done.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
There are certainly not so many men of large fortune in the world, as there are pretty women to deserve them.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies.
The tree I had in the garden as a child, my beech tree, I used to climb up there and spend hours. I took my homework up there, my books, I went up there if I was sad, and it just felt very good to be up there among the green leaves and the birds and the sky.
Chimpanzees, gorillas, orangutans have been living for hundreds of thousands of years in their forest, living fantastic lives, never overpopulating, never destroying the forest. I would say that they have been in a way more successful than us as far as being in harmony with the environment.
Certainly, if you look at human behavior around the world, you have to admit that we can be very aggressive.
As I'm traveling around, I meet many small children. And when I look at a small and think how we've harmed this beautiful planet since I was that age, I feel a kind of desperation, anger, shame. I don't know what I feel; I just don't know what the emotion is.
As a small child in England, I had this dream of going to Africa. We didn't have any money and I was a girl, so everyone except my mother laughed at it. When I left school, there was no money for me to go to university, so I went to secretarial college and got a job.
Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you don't believe is right.
We can't leave people in abject poverty, so we need to raise the standard of living for 80% of the world's people, while bringing it down considerably for the 20% who are destroying our natural resources.
What makes us human, I think, is an ability to ask questions, a consequence of our sophisticated spoken language.
I had been told from school onwards that the best definition of a human being was man the tool-maker - yet I had just watched a chimp tool-maker in action. I remember that day as vividly as if it was yesterday.
I didn't want to become a professor or get tenure or teach or anything. All I wanted to do was get a degree because Louis Leakey said I needed one, which was right, and once I succeeded I could get back to the field.
You cannot share your life with a dog, as I had done in Bournemouth, or a cat, and not know perfectly well that animals have personalities and minds and feelings.
We have language and they do not. Chimps communicate by embracing, patting, looking - all these things. And they have lots of sounds. But they cannot sit and discuss. They cannot teach about things that are not present, as far as we know.
When I began in 1960, individuality wasn't an accepted thing to look for; it was about species-specific behaviour. But animal behaviour is not hard science. There's room for intuition.
My family has very strong women. My mother never laughed at my dream of Africa, even though everyone else did because we didn't have any money, because Africa was the 'dark continent', and because I was a girl.
Women tend to be more intuitive, or to admit to being intuitive, and maybe the hard science approach isn't so attractive. The way that science is taught is very cold. I would never have become a scientist if I had been taught like that.
I'm highly political. I spend an awful lot of time in the U.S. trying to influence decision-makers. But I don't feel in tune with British politics.
It was both fascinating and appalling to learn that chimpanzees were capable of hostile and territorial behavior that was not unlike certain forms of primitive human warfare.
War had always seemed to me to be a purely human behavior. Accounts of warlike behavior date back to the very first written records of human history; it seemed to be an almost universal characteristic of human groups.
Certainly the first true humans were unique by virtue of their large brains. It was because the human brain is so large when compared with that of a chimpanzee that paleontologists for years hunted for a half-ape, half-human skeleton that would provide a fossil link between the human and the ape.
It has actually been suggested that warfare may have been the principle evolutionary pressure that created the huge gap between the human brain and that of our closest living relatives, the anthropoid apes. Whole groups of hominids with inferior brains could not win wars and were therefore exterminated.
I think we're still in a muddle with our language, because once you get words and a spoken language it gets harder to communicate.
Chimps are very quick to have a sudden fight or aggressive episode, but they're equally as good at reconciliation.
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don't go away, they just echo around.
But does that mean that war and violence are inevitable? I would argue not because we have also evolved this amazingly sophisticated intellect, and we are capable of controlling our innate behavior a lot of the time.
I'm always pushing for human responsibility. Given that chimpanzees and many other animals are sentient and sapient, then we should treat them with respect.
I don't spend that much time being introspective, believe it or not. All I know is that I grew up not questioning God because that's how you are. God was there like the birds and the wind.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
People who make no noise are dangerous.
We like to see others, but don't like others to see through us.
Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of truth and virtue, no matter whether he be a prince, or one of the people.
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish.
By the work one knows the workman.
Everyone believes very easily whatever they fear or desire.
Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.
A pessimist and an optimist, so much the worse; so much the better.
Every journalist owes tribute to the evil one.
Neither wealth or greatness render us happy.
Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go.
It is twice the pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
The fastidious are unfortunate; nothing satisfies them.
Nothing is more dangerous than a friend without discretion; even a prudent enemy is preferable.
Every flatterer lives at the expense of him who listens to him.
We read on the foreheads of those who are surrounded by a foolish luxury, that fortune sells what she is thought to give.
One returns to the place one came from.
One often has need of one, inferior to himself.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
We are born weak, we need strength; helpless, we need aid; foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.
It is unnatural for a majority to rule, for a majority can seldom be organized and united for specific action, and a minority can.
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.
The body politic, as well as the human body, begins to die as soon as it is born, and carries itself the causes of its destruction.
Plant and your spouse plants with you; weed and you weed alone.
Although modesty is natural to man, it is not natural to children. Modesty only begins with the knowledge of evil.
Ordinary readers, forgive my paradoxes: one must make them when one reflects; and whatever you may say, I prefer being a man with paradoxes than a man with prejudices.
Man was born free, and he is everywhere in chains.
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.
You forget that the fruits belong to all and that the land belongs to no one.
Free people, remember this maxim: we may acquire liberty, but it is never recovered if it is once lost.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Every man has a right to risk his own life for the preservation of it.
A feeble body weakens the mind.
Heroes are not known by the loftiness of their carriage; the greatest braggarts are generally the merest cowards.
How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long?
To endure is the first thing that a child ought to learn, and that which he will have the most need to know.
The person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years but the one with the richest experiences.
The training of children is a profession, where we must know how to waste time in order to save it.
Our will is always for our own good, but we do not always see what that is.
We do not know what is really good or bad fortune.
I want to make paintings that look as if they were made by a child.
Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.
I wanted to be a star, not a gallery mascot.
I thought I was going to be a bum the rest of my life.
I start a picture and I finish it.
I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.
I am not a black artist, I am an artist.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
I wanted to build up a name for myself.
The more I paint the more I like everything.
Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her.
The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier.
There are about 30 words around you all the time, like 'thread' or 'exit.'
The black person is the protagonist in most of my paintings. I realized that I didn't see many paintings with black people in them.
I like kids' work more than work by real artists any day.
If I'm away from painting for a week, I get bored.
I wanted to be a cartoonist when I was young.
I have a painting where somebody's holding a chicken, and underneath the chicken is somebody's head.
I was a really lousy artist as a kid. Too abstract expressionist; or I'd draw a big ram's head, really messy. I'd never win painting contests. I remember losing to a guy who did a perfect Spiderman.
My favorite Twombly is 'Apollo and the Artist,' with the big 'Apollo' written across it.
Charles Saatchi has never liked my work at all.
Medicine men live in caves.
I'm not a real person. I'm a legend.
I have done only two portraits: one of the artist Francesco Clemente and another of Andy Warhol.
When rich people fight wars with one another, poor people are the ones to die.
Man is not the sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die.
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does.
A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost.
It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous.
Neither sex, without some fertilization of the complimentary characters of the other, is capable of the highest reaches of human endeavor.
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
One is still what one is going to cease to be and already what one is going to become. One lives one's death, one dies one's life.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
To eat is to appropriate by destruction.
Generosity is nothing else than a craze to possess. All which I abandon, all which I give, I enjoy in a higher manner through the fact that I give it away. To give is to enjoy possessively the object which one gives.
The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity.
Words are loaded pistols.
Hell is other people.
Acting is happy agony.
A company shouldn't get addicted to being shiny, because shiny doesn't last.
I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you're going to innovate.
It's not an experiment if you know it's going to work.
The human brain is an incredible pattern-matching machine.
It is very difficult to get people to focus on the most important things when you're in boom times.
If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.
If you can't tolerate critics, don't do anything new or interesting.
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.
We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
Amazon.com strives to be the e-commerce destination where consumers can find and discover anything they want to buy online.
We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldn't be in this business.
What's dangerous is not to evolve.
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.
The killer app that got the world ready for appliances was the light bulb. So the light bulb is what wired the world. And they weren't thinking about appliances when they wired the world. They were really thinking about - they weren't putting electricity into the home. They were putting lighting into the home.
Because, you know, resilience - if you think of it in terms of the Gold Rush, then you'd be pretty depressed right now because the last nugget of gold would be gone. But the good thing is, with innovation, there isn't a last nugget. Every new thing creates two new questions and two new opportunities.
But there's so much kludge, so much terrible stuff, we are at the 1908 Hurley washing machine stage with the Internet. That's where we are. We don't get our hair caught in it, but that's the level of primitiveness of where we are. We're in 1908.
Strip malls are history.
What consumerism really is, at its worst is getting people to buy things that don't actually improve their lives.
The one thing that offends me the most is when I walk by a bank and see ads trying to convince people to take out second mortgages on their home so they can go on vacation. That's approaching evil.
Life's too short to hang out with people who aren't resourceful.
I've always been at the intersection of computers and whatever they can revolutionize.
You want your customers to value your service.
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
Pay attention, don't let life go by you. Fall in love with the back of your cereal box.
To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving.
We've fallen into a trap of ever-widening orbits of contact, and there is a total disregard for the present moment.
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
I think it's funny to be delicate with subjects that are explosive.
The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!
Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty violent image there. I think if you've got a T-shirt with a bloodstain all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem. Maybe you should get rid of the body before you do the wash.
Where lipstick is concerned, the important thing is not color, but to accept God's final word on where your lips end.
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, 'I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked.'
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
I am so busy doing nothing... that the idea of doing anything - which as you know, always leads to something - cuts into the nothing and then forces me to have to drop everything.
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.
People who read the tabloids deserve to be lied to.
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.
That's the true spirit of Christmas; people being helped by people other than me.
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
My parents didn't want to move to Florida, but they turned sixty and that's the law.
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.
I don't want to hear the specials. If they're so special, put 'em on the menu.
I prefer the old theaters because the audience is... trapped.
You can be passionate about anything.
Stand-up is hard.
The first real thought that I had of something that I might do was to write for car magazines, because I always had a car thing.
I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me.
My kingdom is not of this world. If it were, my servants would fight to prevent my arrest by the Jews. But now my kingdom is from another place.
It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick. I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Little children, you are from God, and have conquered them; for the one who is in you is greater than the one who is in this world.
All my authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me.
So I say to you, Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened for you.
For what shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?
For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and everyone who humbles himself will be exalted.
And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time.
For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
All the commandments: You shall not commit adultery, you shall not kill, you shall not steal, you shall not covet, and so on, are summed up in this single command: You must love your neighbor as yourself.
If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you. If you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you.
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me.
For if you love those who love you, what reward have you? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?
But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.
Give to everyone who begs from you; and of him who takes away your goods do not ask them again. And as you wish that men would do to you, do so to them.
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. And if you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.
I am He who lives, and was dead, and behold, I am alive forevermore. Amen. And I have the keys of Hades and of Death.
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.
Meditation is not following any system; it is not constant repetition and imitation. Meditation is not concentration.
When you call yourself an Indian or a Muslim or a Christian or a European or anything else, you are being violent. Do you see why it is violent? Because you are separating yourself from the rest of mankind. When you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence.
A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man.
The question of whether or not there is a God or truth or reality or whatever you like to call it, can never be answered by books, by priests, philosopher's or saviours. Nobody and nothing can answer the question but you yourself, and that is why you must know yourself - Immaturity lies only in total ignorance of self.
The moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed.
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
What is needed, rather than running away or controlling or suppressing or any other resistance, is understanding fear; that means, watch it, learn about it, come directly into contact with it. We are to learn about fear, not how to escape from it.
So when you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
You must understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it. That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing and dance, and write poems and suffer and understand, for all that is life.
When we talk about understanding, surely it takes place only when the mind listens completely - the mind being your heart, your nerves, your ears - when you give your whole attention to it.
This is love: the flowering of love is meditation.
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.
Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay.
We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free.
If we can really understand the problem, the answer will come out of it, because the answer is not separate from the problem.
A consistent thinker is a thoughtless person, because he conforms to a pattern; he repeats phrases and thinks in a groove.
All ideologies are idiotic, whether religious or political, for it is conceptual thinking, the conceptual word, which has so unfortunately divided man.
I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect.
Love is the missing factor; there is a lack of affection, of warmth in relationship; and because we lack that love, that tenderness, that generosity, that mercy in relationship, we escape into mass action, which produces further confusion, further misery.
When I understand myself, I understand you, and out of that understanding comes love.
Man has throughout the ages been seeking something beyond himself, beyond material welfare - something we call truth or God or reality, a timeless state - something that cannot be disturbed by circumstances, by thought or by human corruption.
I've tried everything. I've done therapy, I've done colonics. I went to a psychic who had me running around town buying pieces of ribbon to fill the colors in my aura. Did the Prozac thing.
Morgan Freeman is so class. He's so cool. He's so scary.
That's the trouble with being me. At this point, nobody gives a damn what my problem is. I could literally have a tumor on the side of my head and they'd be like, 'Yeah, big deal. I'd eat a tumor every morning for the kinda money you're pulling down.'
Maybe there is no actual place called hell. Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches.
A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
Either you're the one erasing or you're the one being erased.
I don't think human beings learn anything without desperation. Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.
I just want to be myself.
I love playing ego and insecurity combined.
I really believe in the philosophy that you create your own universe. I'm just trying to create a good one for myself.
I want to be the greatest actor that ever lived, frankly. I'd love that. But I don't need to be. I just want to be here. That's it.
I'm very serious about no alcohol, no drugs. Life is too beautiful.
I've arrived at the place if I'm not taking a career risk, I'm not happy. If I'm scared, then I know I'm being challenged.
If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
If you've got a talent, protect it.
My family kinda hit the skids. We were experiencing poverty at that point. We all got a job, where the whole family had to work as security guards and janitors. And I just got angry.
Originality is really important.
People need motivation to do anything. I don't think human beings learn anything without desperation.
Some nights it was a melee, literally, where I'd be standing trying to defend myself for what I was doing. People would be screaming at me to do my old act, and getting actually violent and angry at me.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything, or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.
Before I do anything, I think, well what hasn't been seen. Sometimes, that turns out to be something ghastly and not fit for society. And sometimes that inspiration becomes something that's really worthwhile.
For some reason I did something where I realized I could get a reaction. That was when I broke out of my shell at school, because I really didn't have any friends or anything like that and I just kind of was going along, and then finally I did this zany thing, and all of a sudden I had tons of friends.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
Film spectators are quiet vampires.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
I am interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos-especially activity that seems to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom... Rather than starting inside, I start outside and reach the mental through the physical.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.
I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
It's like gambling somehow. You go out for a night of drinking and you don't know where your going to end up the next day. It could work out good or it could be disastrous. It's like the throw of the dice.
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.
The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.
Violence isn't always evil. What's evil is the infatuation with violence.
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.
Drugs are a bet with your mind.
Listen, real poetry doesn't say anything; it just ticks off the possibilities. Opens all doors. You can walk through any one that suits you.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.
When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.
The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask.
Music inflames temperament.
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
I'm interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos, especially activity that appears to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom.
I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.
I see myself as an intelligent, sensitive human, with the soul of a clown which forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said.
The book you don't read won't help.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
The reason that fiction is more interesting than any other form of literature, to those who really like to study people, is that in fiction the author can really tell the truth without humiliating himself.
There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them that's important.
Things that I felt absolutely sure of but a few years ago, I do not believe now. This thought makes me see more clearly how foolish it would be to expect all men to agree with me.
A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images.
The difficulties you meet will resolve themselves as you advance. Proceed, and light will dawn, and shine with increasing clearness on your path.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward.
The major reason for setting a goal is for what it makes of you to accomplish it. What it makes of you will always be the far greater value than what you get.
Words do two major things: They provide food for the mind and create light for understanding and awareness.
To solve any problem, here are three questions to ask yourself: First, what could I do? Second, what could I read? And third, who could I ask?
The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized - never knowing.
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.
It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
If you laugh, you think, and you cry, that's a full day. That's a heck of a day. You do that seven days a week, you're going to have something special.
And I'm going to work as hard as I can... for cancer research and hopefully, maybe, we'll have some cures and some breakthroughs. I'd like to think I'm going to fight my brains out to be back here again next year for the Arthur Ashe recipient. I want to give it next year!
And if you see me, smile and maybe give me a hug. That's important to me too.
Be a dreamer. If you don't know how to dream, you're dead.
Cancer can take away all of my physical abilities. It cannot touch my mind, it cannot touch my heart, and it cannot touch my soul.
Don't give up. Don't ever give up.
I asked a ref if he could give me a technical foul for thinking bad things about him. He said, of course not. I said, well, I think you stink. And he gave me a technical. You can't trust em.
I can't tell you what an honor it is, to even be mentioned in the same breath with Arthur Ashe. This is something I certainly will treasure forever.
I just got one last thing, I urge all of you, all of you, to enjoy your life, the precious moments you have. To spend each day with some laughter and some thought, to get you're emotions going.
I talked about my family, my family's so important.
I will thank God for the day and the moment I have.
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
No matter what business you're in, you can't run in place or someone will pass you by. It doesn't matter how many games you've won.
Now I'm fighting cancer, everybody knows that. People ask me all the time about how you go through your life and how's your day, and nothing is changed for me.
Now, I look at where I am now and I know what I wanna to do. What I would like to be able to do is to spend whatever time I have left and to give, and maybe some hope to others.
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.
Time is very precious to me. I don't know how much I have left and I have some things that I would like to say. Hopefully, at the end, I will have said something that will be important to other people too.
We need your help. I need your help. We need money for research. It may not save my life. It may save my children's life. It may save someone you love. And it's very important.
I'm not happy to be here. I'm just happy to be!
How many people do you know who've had their dream come true? You're looking at one.
I was an absolute maniac, a terrible husband and father.
What enables us to achieve our greatness contains the seeds of our destruction.
The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead, you're made for life.
The story of life is quicker than the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to.
Music is a safe kind of high.
When I die, I want people to play my music, go wild and freak out and do anything they want to do.
Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Music is my religion.
Imagination is the key to my lyrics. The rest is painted with a little science fiction.
Rock is so much fun. That's what it's all about - filling up the chest cavities and empty kneecaps and elbows.
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
When things get too heavy, just call me helium, the lightest known gas to man.
You have to forget about what other people say, when you're supposed to die, or when you're supposed to be loving. You have to forget about all these things.
You have to go on and be crazy. Craziness is like heaven.
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
Sometimes you want to give up the guitar, you'll hate the guitar. But if you stick with it, you're gonna be rewarded.
When I die, just keep playing the records.
I got a pet monkey called Charlie Chan.
If I'm free, it's because I'm always running.
Testing oneself is best when done alone.
We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
In this outward and physical ceremony we attest once again to the inner and spiritual strength of our Nation. As my high school teacher, Miss Julia Coleman, used to say: 'We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.'
The experience of democracy is like the experience of life itself-always changing, infinite in its variety, sometimes turbulent and all the more valuable for having been tested by adversity.
If you fear making anyone mad, then you ultimately probe for the lowest common denominator of human achievement.
For this generation, ours, life is nuclear survival, liberty is human rights, the pursuit of happiness is a planet whose resources are devoted to the physical and spiritual nourishment of its inhabitants.
I look forward to these confrontations with the press to kind of balance up the nice and pleasant things that come to me as president.
My decision to register women confirms what is already obvious throughout our society-that women are now providing all types of skills in every profession. The military should be no exception.
You can't divorce religious belief and public service I've never detected any conflict between God's will and my political duty. If you violate one, you violate the other.
It is good to realize that if love and peace can prevail on earth, and if we can teach our children to honor nature's gifts, the joys and beauties of the outdoors will be here forever.
We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
I've looked on many women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times. God knows I will do this and forgives me.
If you're totally illiterate and living on one dollar a day, the benefits of globalization never come to you.
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.
Whatever starts in California unfortunately has an inclination to spread.
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. People have the right to expect that these wants will be provided for by this wisdom.
To deal with individual human needs at the everyday level can be noble sometimes.
Unless both sides win, no agreement can be permanent.
Human rights is the soul of our foreign policy, because human rights is the very soul of our sense of nationhood.
Aggression unopposed becomes a contagious disease.
America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense human rights invented America.
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
I have often wanted to drown my troubles, but I can't get my wife to go swimming.
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.
You can do what you have to do, and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take a chance and be great?
Treat a person as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat a person as if he were where he could be and should be, and he will become what he could be and should be.
The only thing worse than a coach or CEO who doesn't care about his people is one who pretends to care. People can spot a phony every time.
Military leaders aren't made. They are born. To be a good leader, you have to have something in your character to cause people to follow you.
Give people enough guidance to make the decisions you want them to make. Don't tell them what to do, but encourage them to do what is best.
I can't confirm any rumors. I'm happy doing what I'm doing. I have no interest in going back to coaching.
Two to three years down the road, other companies not on a model like Dell's will be in trouble.
The other thing was that when I was at the University of Miami, we ran a pro-style offense and defense. I started each year by going to a pro training camp, I visited with various pro coaches, and I did this for five years.
But I was always a bit of a gypsy, anyway. I spent five years at Oklahoma State, five years at Miami and moved on after winning the national championship, and five years with the Cowboys. So, I was ready to move on. We won back-to-back Super Bowls, and I felt that I accomplished what I wanted to accomplish.
And the main thing was that I wanted to live in south Florida. That's why I left the Cowboys; to live in south Florida.
I've heard all the coaches complaining about the new CBA rules limiting padded practice. I don't like the reduction to just 15 padded practices during the season. When I coached, we always practiced in pads; and three days a week.
There is a way to practice hard and be physical without pads. You can still be a physical football team and be efficient in practice without pads. The 49ers practiced like that for a long period of time in the 1980s under Bill Walsh and were extremely successful when all the other teams were practicing in pads.
Like I always say, it's not how many great plays you make; it's how few bad ones you make. I know fans, and even some losing coaches, are enamored with long pass completions or the great run plays, but that doesn't offset the interception or the fumble.
I think as far as any kind of pressure on a football team or on an individual in professional sports really depends not only on that individual but the leadership they have on the team and the leadership they have on the coaching staff. A lot of times, they can divert some of those pressures off of the individual and off of the team.
With 'Survivor' - I didn't get any sleep, there was no food, we had to boil our water... plus, it was physically taxing during the day. That's what made it more difficult than three-a-day practices.
Football is such a team sport, so no one individual does it. No one coach or no one assistant coach or no one player, it's a great team sport, so I don't get carried away with a bunch of accolades.
You can't really compare teams just because of two or three players.
Anybody who has ever been around me knows I'll give you my opinion.
In some ways 'Survivor' might have saved my life.
Football rewards the guys that are in great condition.
A lot of coaches could ration out their time. They could delegate. They would make time for their family. But when I was coaching I would almost laugh at those guys. I knew we were working the extra hours to get an edge on them.
I've seen every second of 'Survivor' since it started.
Of all the programs, I watch sporting events live and I watch 'Survivor' live. Everything else I TiVo.
I don't miss a minute of 'Survivor.'
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.
I say, don't try to fight your own battles because God will do it.
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.
God wants you to be a winner, not a whiner.
You have to come to your closed doors before you get to your open doors... What if you knew you had to go through 32 closed doors before you got to your open door? Well, then you'd come to closed door number eight and you'd think, 'Great, I got another one out of the way'... Keep moving forward.
Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you.
In difficult times, we're not supposed to quit believing; we're not supposed to quit growing.
The greatest difficulty always comes right before the birth of a dream.
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.
Let go of yesterday. Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be.
I'm healthy as can be - not an ache or a pain. A lot of my prayer is thanking the Lord that I am healthy. I pray for long life and good health.
You can be committed to Church but not committed to Christ, but you cannot be committed to Christ and not committed to church.
A good thing to remember is somebody's got it a lot worse than we do.
A lot of churches have not moved with the times.
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
Do all you can to make your dreams come true.
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.
God wants to bless us where we are.
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.
I don't want to just preach to the church. I feel like I have a broader message.
I don't go down the road of condemning.
I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.
I have always believed in God.
I made a decision when my father passed away that I was going to be who God made me to be and not try to preach like my father.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Death is a commingling of eternity with time; in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put one's thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
In nature we never see anything isolated, but everything in connection with something else which is before it, beside it, under it and over it.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Live dangerously and you live right.
Everybody wants to be somebody; nobody wants to grow.
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.
A clever man commits no minor blunders.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.
To rule is easy, to govern difficult.
If children grew up according to early indications, we should have nothing but geniuses.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
Every author in some way portrays himself in his works, even if it be against his will.
I call architecture frozen music.
To appreciate the noble is a gain which can never be torn from us.
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.
Property is surely a right of mankind as real as liberty.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Democracy... while it lasts is more bloody than either aristocracy or monarchy. Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There is never a democracy that did not commit suicide.
Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.
Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
I, poor creature, worn out with scribbling for my bread and my liberty, low in spirits and weak in health, must leave others to wear the laurels which I have sown, others to eat the bread which I have earned. A common case.
The right of a nation to kill a tyrant in case of necessity can no more be doubted than to hang a robber, or kill a flea.
Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.
The essence of a free government consists in an effectual control of rivalries.
I have accepted a seat in the House of Representatives, and thereby have consented to my own ruin, to your ruin, and to the ruin of our children. I give you this warning that you may prepare your mind for your fate.
When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists; but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.
While all other sciences have advanced, that of government is at a standstill - little better understood, little better practiced now than three or four thousand years ago.
The Declaration of Independence I always considered as a theatrical show. Jefferson ran away with all the stage effect of that... and all the glory of it.
I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman.
Here is everything which can lay hold of the eye, ear and imagination - everything which can charm and bewitch the simple and ignorant. I wonder how Luther ever broke the spell.
A desire to be observed, considered, esteemed, praised, beloved, and admired by his fellows is one of the earliest as well as the keenest dispositions discovered in the heart of man.
Liberty, according to my metaphysics is a self-determining power in an intellectual agent. It implies thought and choice and power.
Genius is sorrow's child.
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
Have the humility to learn from those around you.
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.
People who add value to others do so intentionally. I say that because to add value, leaders must give of themselves, and that rarely occurs by accident.
Failed plans should not be interpreted as a failed vision. Visions don't change, they are only refined. Plans rarely stay the same, and are scrapped or adjusted as needed. Be stubborn about the vision, but flexible with your plan.
Self-centered leaders manipulate when they move people for personal benefit. Mature leaders motivate by moving people for mutual benefit.
Your attitude towards failure determines your altitude after failure.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
Leadership is influence.
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.
Good executives never put off until tomorrow what they can get someone else to do today.
Educators take something simple and make it complicated. Communicators take something complicated and make it simple.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
To add value to others, one must first value others.
The first time you say something, it's heard. The second time, it's recognized, and the third time it's learned.
In the end, people are persuaded not by what we say, but by what they understand.
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty.
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity.
I would rather earn 1% off a 100 people's efforts than 100% of my own efforts.
Every right implies a responsibility; Every opportunity, an obligation, Every possession, a duty.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
I believe that thrift is essential to well-ordered living.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it.
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.
I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it owes every man an opportunity to make a living.
The ability to deal with people is as purchasable a commodity as sugar or coffee and I will pay more for that ability than for any other under the sun.
Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
I know of nothing more despicable and pathetic than a man who devotes all the hours of the waking day to the making of money for money's sake.
The only question with wealth is, what do you do with it?
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Competition is a sin.
Next to doing the right thing, the most important thing is to let people know you are doing the right thing.
The most important thing for a young man is to establish a credit... a reputation, character.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Too often we... enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought.
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future.
The great enemy of the truth is very often not the lie, deliberate, contrived and dishonest, but the myth, persistent, persuasive and unrealistic.
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others.
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.
There are risks and costs to action. But they are far less than the long range risks of comfortable inaction.
We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea, whether it is to sail or to watch - we are going back from whence we came.
Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental resource.
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.
History is a relentless master. It has no present, only the past rushing into the future. To try to hold fast is to be swept aside.
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process.
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment; but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.
Modern cynics and skeptics... see no harm in paying those to whom they entrust the minds of their children a smaller wage than is paid to those to whom they entrust the care of their plumbing.
I am sorry to say that there is too much point to the wisecrack that life is extinct on other planets because their scientists were more advanced than ours.
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!
The more I see the less I know for sure.
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That's what's insane about it.
It doesn't matter how long my hair is or what colour my skin is or whether I'm a woman or a man.
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.
Everybody loves you when you're six foot in the ground.
Will the people in the cheaper seats clap your hands? And the rest of you, if you'll just rattle your jewelry.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.
When you're drowning, you don't say 'I would be incredibly pleased if someone would have the foresight to notice me drowning and come and help me,' you just scream.
I don't know which will go first - rock 'n' roll or Christianity.
The postman wants an autograph. The cab driver wants a picture. The waitress wants a handshake. Everyone wants a piece of you.
The cross of the Legion of Honor has been conferred on me. However, few escape that distinction.
Lots of people who complained about us receiving the MBE received theirs for heroism in the war - for killing people. We received ours for entertaining other people. I'd say we deserve ours more.
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.
All we are saying is give peace a chance.
We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
The basic thing nobody asks is why do people take drugs of any sort? Why do we have these accessories to normal living to live? I mean, is there something wrong with society that's making us so pressurized, that we cannot live without guarding ourselves against it?
You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact. And the Beatles are the biggest bastards on earth.
I believe race is too heavy a burden to carry into the 21st century. It's time to lay it down. We all came here in different ships, but now we're all in the same boat.
The scars and stains of racism are still deeply embedded in the American society.
You must be bold, brave, and courageous and find a way... to get in the way.
Who gets the bird, the hunter or the dog?
My mother and father and many of my relatives had been sharecroppers.
My parents told me in the very beginning as a young child when I raised the question about segregation and racial discrimination, they told me not to get in the way, not to get in trouble, not to make any noise.
When growing up, I saw segregation. I saw racial discrimination. I saw those signs that said white men, colored men. White women, colored women. White waiting. And I didn't like it.
I was so inspired by Dr. King that in 1956, with some of my brothers and sisters and first cousins - I was only 16 years old - we went down to the public library trying to check out some books, and we were told by the librarian that the library was for whites only and not for colors. It was a public library.
When I was 15 years old and in the tenth grade, I heard of Martin Luther King, Jr. Three years later, when I was 18, I met Dr. King and we became friends. Two years after that I became very involved in the civil rights movement. I was in college at that time. As I got more and more involved, I saw politics as a means of bringing about change.
If someone had told me in 1963 that one day I would be in Congress, I would have said, 'You're crazy. You don't know what you're talking about.'
Now we have black and white elected officials working together. Today, we have gone beyond just passing laws. Now we have to create a sense that we are one community, one family. Really, we are the American family.
I would say the country is a different country. It is a better country. The signs I saw when I was growing up are gone and they will not return. In many ways the walls of segregation have been torn down.
The documented incidences of voter fraud are very rare, yet throughout the country, forces have mobilized in over 30 states to stop it. These efforts are very partisan.
The government, both state and federal, has a duty to be reasonable and accommodating.
In the past the great majority of minority voters, in Ohio and other places that means African American voters, cast a large percentage of their votes during the early voting process.
To make it hard, to make it difficult almost impossible for people to cast a vote is not in keeping with the democratic process.
When I was a student, I studied philosophy and religion. I talked about being patient. Some people say I was too hopeful, too optimistic, but you have to be optimistic just in keeping with the philosophy of non-violence.
If you're not hopeful and optimistic, then you just give up. You have to take the long hard look and just believe that if you're consistent, you will succeed.
I say to people today, 'You must be prepared if you believe in something. If you believe in something, you have to go for it. As individuals, we may not live to see the end.'
The civil rights movement was based on faith. Many of us who were participants in this movement saw our involvement as an extension of our faith. We saw ourselves doing the work of the Almighty. Segregation and racial discrimination were not in keeping with our faith, so we had to do something.
It was not enough to come and listen to a great sermon or message every Sunday morning and be confined to those four walls and those four corners. You had to get out and do something.
We are tired of being beaten by policemen. We are tired of seeing our people locked up in jails over and over again. And then you holler, 'Be patient.' How long can we be patient?
I want to see young people in America feel the spirit of the 1960s and find a way to get in the way. To find a way to get in trouble. Good trouble, necessary trouble.
I do not agree with what Mr. Snowden did. He has damaged American international relations and compromised our national security. He leaked classified information and may have jeopardized human lives. That must be condemned.
I never praised Mr. Snowden or said his actions rise to those of Mohandas Gandhi or other civil rights leaders.
Rosa Parks inspired me to find a way to get in the way, to get in trouble... good trouble, necessary trouble.
The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom. For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom.
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.
The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others.
Every man has a property in his own person. This nobody has a right to, but himself.
What worries you, masters you.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Fashion for the most part is nothing but the ostentation of riches.
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.
It is easier for a tutor to command than to teach.
The discipline of desire is the background of character.
The only fence against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.
Where there is no property there is no injustice.
All men are liable to error; and most men are, in many points, by passion or interest, under temptation to it.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
We should have a great fewer disputes in the world if words were taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things themselves.
An excellent man, like precious metal, is in every way invariable; A villain, like the beams of a balance, is always varying, upwards and downwards.
All wealth is the product of labor.
Our deeds disguise us. People need endless time to try on their deeds, until each knows the proper deeds for him to do. But every day, every hour, rushes by. There is no time.
I have spent more than half a lifetime trying to express the tragic moment.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
It is of great use to the sailor to know the length of his line, though he cannot with it fathom all the depths of the ocean.
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.
When we contemplate the whole globe as one great dewdrop, striped and dotted with continents and islands, flying through space with other stars all singing and shining together as one, the whole universe appears as an infinite storm of beauty.
A few minutes ago every tree was excited, bowing to the roaring storm, waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm like worship. But though to the outer ear these trees are now silent, their songs never cease.
The practical importance of the preservation of our forests is augmented by their relations to climate, soil and streams.
There is that in the glance of a flower which may at times control the greatest of creation's braggart lords.
The gross heathenism of civilization has generally destroyed nature, and poetry, and all that is spiritual.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
I never saw a discontented tree. They grip the ground as though they liked it, and though fast rooted they travel about as far as we do.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
Take a course in good water and air; and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone; no harm will befall you.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world.
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean.
One may as well dam for water tanks the people's cathedrals and churches, for no holier temple has ever been consecrated by the heart of man.
The forests of America, however slighted by man, must have been a great delight to God; for they were the best he ever planted. The whole continent was a garden, and from the beginning, it seemed to be favored above all the other wild parks and gardens of the globe.
I suppose we need not go mourning the buffaloes. In the nature of things, they had to give place to better cattle, though the change might have been made without barbarous wickedness.
Every other civilized nation in the world has been compelled to care for its forests, and so must we if waste and destruction are not to go on to the bitter end, leaving America as barren as Palestine or Spain.
Under the Timber and Stone Act of 1878, which might well have been called the 'Dust and Ashes Act,' any citizen of the United States could take up one hundred and sixty acres of timber land and, by paying two dollars and a half an acre for it, obtain title.
The redwood is one of the few conifers that sprout from the stump and roots, and it declares itself willing to begin immediately to repair the damage of the lumberman and also that of the forest-burner.
As soon as a redwood is cut down or burned, it sends up a crowd of eager, hopeful shoots, which, if allowed to grow, would in a few decades attain a height of a hundred feet, and the strongest of them would finally become giants as great as the original tree.
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort.
There is hardly anything in the world that some man cannot make a little worse and sell a little cheaper, and the people who consider price only are this man's lawful prey.
Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
He is the greatest artist who has embodied, in the sum of his works, the greatest number of the greatest ideas.
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
Modern travelling is not travelling at all; it is merely being sent to a place, and very little different from becoming a parcel.
Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you.
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.
Natural abilities can almost compensate for the want of every kind of cultivation, but no cultivation of the mind can make up for the want of natural abilities.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.
To give alms is nothing unless you give thought also.
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money.
Every great person is always being helped by everybody; for their gift is to get good out of all things and all persons.
Do not think of your faults, still less of other's faults; look for what is good and strong, and try to imitate it. Your faults will drop off, like dead leaves, when their time comes.
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
All books are divisible into two classes, the books of the hour, and the books of all time.
The purest and most thoughtful minds are those which love colour the most.
It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.
The writer must believe that what he is doing is the most important thing in the world. And he must hold to this illusion even when he knows it is not true.
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.
Many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased.
I've lived in good climate, and it bores the hell out of me. I like weather rather than climate.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Man is the only kind of varmint sets his own trap, baits it, then steps in it.
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
Where does discontent start? You are warm enough, but you shiver. You are fed, yet hunger gnaws you. You have been loved, but your yearning wanders in new fields. And to prod all these there's time, the Bastard Time.
So in our pride we ordered for breakfast an omelet, toast and coffee and what has just arrived is a tomato salad with onions, a dish of pickles, a big slice of watermelon and two bottles of cream soda.
Writers are a little below clowns and a little above trained seals.
I am impelled, not to squeak like a grateful and apologetic mouse, but to roar like a lion out of pride in my profession.
I hold that a writer who does not passionately believe in the perfectibility of man has no dedication nor any membership in literature.
In utter loneliness a writer tries to explain the inexplicable.
I have owed you this letter for a very long time-but my fingers have avoided the pencil as though it were an old and poisoned tool.
Syntax, my lad. It has been restored to the highest place in the republic.
Sectional football games have the glory and the despair of war, and when a Texas team takes the field against a foreign state, it is an army with banners.
These words dropped into my childish mind as if you should accidentally drop a ring into a deep well. I did not think of them much at the time, but there came a day in my life when the ring was fished up out of the well, good as new.
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists. Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit.
Time is the only critic without ambition.
A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.
In the souls of the people the grapes of wrath are filling and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage.
I have never smuggled anything in my life. Why, then, do I feel an uneasy sense of guilt on approaching a customs barrier?
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
Adversity is the state in which man most easily becomes acquainted with himself, being especially free of admirers then.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Consider the rights of others before your own feelings, and the feelings of others before your own rights.
The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Never mistake activity for achievement.
It isn't what you do, but how you do it.
The main ingredient of stardom is the rest of the team.
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
What you are as a person is far more important than what you are as a basketball player.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
How well I have learned that there is no fence to sit on between heaven and hell. There is a deep, wide gulf, a chasm, and in that chasm is no place for any man.
That was the big thing when I was growing up, singing on the radio. The extent of my dream was to sing on the radio station in Memphis. Even when I got out of the Air Force in 1954, I came right back to Memphis and started knocking on doors at the radio station.
My father was a man of love. He always loved me to death. He worked hard in the fields, but my father never hit me. Never. I don't ever remember a really cross, unkind word from my father.
You've got to know your limitations. I don't know what your limitations are. I found out what mine were when I was twelve. I found out that there weren't too many limitations, if I did it my way.
It's like a novelist writing far out things. If it makes a point and makes sense, then people like to read that. But if it's off in left field and goes over the edge, you lose it. The same with musical talent, I think.
I start a lot more songs than I finish, because I realize when I get into them, they're no good. I don't throw them away, I just put them away, store them, get them out of sight.
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
Sometimes I am two people. Johnny is the nice one. Cash causes all the trouble. They fight.
When I record somebody else's song, I have to make it my own or it doesn't feel right. I'll say to myself, I wrote this and he doesn't know it!
I am not a Christian artist, I am an artist who is a Christian.
People call me wild. Not really though, I'm not. I guess I've never been normal, not what you call Establishment. I'm country.
You've got a song you're singing from your gut, you want that audience to feel it in their gut. And you've got to make them think that you're one of them sitting out there with them too. They've got to be able to relate to what you're doing.
I read novels but I also read the Bible. And study it, you know? And the more I learn, the more excited I get.
I was wearing black clothes almost from the beginning. I feel comfortable in black. I felt like black looked good onstage, that it was attractive, so I started wearing it all the time.
When my wife died, I booked myself into the studio just to work, to occupy myself.
I knew I wanted to sing when I was a very small boy. When I was probably 4 years old. My mother played a guitar and I would sit with her and she would sing and I learned to sing along with her.
I love to go to the studio and stay there 10 or 12 hours a day. I love it. What is it? I don't know. It's life.
I wear black because I'm comfortable in it. But then in the summertime when it's hot I'm comfortable in light blue.
Of emotions, of love, of breakup, of love and hate and death and dying, mama, apple pie, and the whole thing. It covers a lot of territory, country music does.
God gives us life and takes us away as He sees fit.
God's the final judge for Elvis Presley and Johnny Cash too. That's solely in the hands of God.
The things that have always been important: to be a good man, to try to live my life the way God would have me, to turn it over to Him that His will might be worked in my life, to do my work without looking back, to give it all I've got, and to take pride in my work as an honest performer.
I'm very shy really. I spend a lot of time in my room alone reading or writing or watching television.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
Satire is a sort of glass, wherein beholders do generally discover everybody's face but their own.
May you live all the days of your life.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
For in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery.
A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying... that he is wiser today than yesterday.
Words are but wind; and learning is nothing but words; ergo, learning is nothing but wind.
Under this window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together; Let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder.
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.
Where there are large powers with little ambition... nature may be said to have fallen short of her purposes.
There were many times my pants were so thin I could sit on a dime and tell if it was heads or tails.
Nothing is so hard for those who abound in riches as to conceive how others can be in want.
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
Books, the children of the brain.
He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
My nose itched, and I knew I should drink wine or kiss a fool.
I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing.
The proper words in the proper places are the true definition of style.
We are so fond on one another because our ailments are the same.
Politics, as the word is commonly understood, are nothing but corruptions.
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
Don't compare yourself with other people; compare yourself with who you were yesterday.
It's very hard to find your own words - and you don't actually exist until you have your own words.
No one gets away with anything, ever, so take responsibility for your own life.
You may say, 'Well, dragons don't exist.' It's, like, yes they do - the category 'predator' and the category 'dragon' are the same category. It absolutely exists. It's a superordinate category. It exists absolutely more than anything else. In fact, it really exists.
Accept the terrible responsibility of life with eyes wide open.
The masculine spirit is under assault. It's obvious.
Women deeply want men who are competent and powerful. And I don't mean power in that they can exert tyrannical control over others. That's not power. That's just corruption.
Power is competence.
There's a personality trait known as agreeableness. Agreeable people are compassionate and polite. And agreeable people get paid less than disagreeable people for the same job. Women are more agreeable than men.
Men and women aren't the same. And they won't be the same. That doesn't mean that they can't be treated fairly.
We have to rediscover the eternal values and then live them out.
You can say, 'Well, isn't it unfortunate that chaos is represented by the feminine' - well, it might be unfortunate, but it doesn't matter, because that is how it's represented. It's been represented like that forever. And there are reasons for it. You can't change it. It's not possible. This is underneath everything.
The people who hold that our culture is an oppressive patriarchy, they don't want to admit that the current hierarchy might be predicated on competence.
That's another hallmark of truth, is that it snaps things together. People write to me all the time and say it's as if things were coming together in my mind. It's like the Platonic idea that all learning was remembering. You have a nature, and when you feel that nature articulated, it's it's like the act of snapping the puzzle pieces together.
The truth is something that burns. It burns off dead wood. And people don't like having the dead wood burnt off, often because they're 95 percent dead wood.
When you start to realise how much of what you've constructed of yourself is based on deception and lies, that is a horrifying realisation.
If you don't stand your ground, then all that happens is people push you backwards.
Kathleen Wynne and her band of radical-left cronies think they have a handle on what constitutes human identity and also what should constitute human morality. And I think that that's being pushed in a manner in schools that's completely reprehensible. It's not education, in my estimation. It's a form of indoctrination.
It's not proper for the government to intrude too thoroughly into the domain of the family. It's inappropriate.
All things considered, there's nobody better for children than parents.
I don't really regard myself as a political figure.
Don't be dependent. At all. Ever. Period.
I'm always surprised when people respond positively to what I am saying, given its seriousnessness and strange nature.
You can't go backward in life.
I've studied authoritarianism for a very long time - for 40 years - and they're started by people's attempts to control the ideological and linguistic territory.
If the standard transsexual person wants to be regarded as he or she, my sense is I'll address you according to the part that you appear to be playing.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.
Every religion is true one way or another. It is true when understood metaphorically. But when it gets stuck in its own metaphors, interpreting them as facts, then you are in trouble.
God is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that.
The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure.
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship.
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself.
The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.
I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.
Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.
Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
When we hang the capitalists they will sell us the rope we use.
I trust no one, not even myself.
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.
If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a 'peace conference', you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes.
In the Soviet army it takes more courage to retreat than advance.
Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic.
Print is the sharpest and the strongest weapon of our party.
Everyone imposes his own system as far as his army can reach.
History shows that there are no invincible armies.
The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
The writer is the engineer of the human soul.
You cannot make a revolution with silk gloves.
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.
The people who cast the votes don't decide an election, the people who count the votes do.
Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting.
Consider a tree for a moment. As beautiful as trees are to look at, we don't see what goes on underground - as they grow roots. Trees must develop deep roots in order to grow strong and produce their beauty. But we don't see the roots. We just see and enjoy the beauty. In much the same way, what goes on inside of us is like the roots of a tree.
Words are powerful; if you change your words, you can change your life.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
A BMW can't take you as far as a diploma.
Education levels the playing field, allowing everyone to compete.
Individuals need to be willing to face truth about their attitudes, behaviors, even what we want out of life.
I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life.
Your joy comes from how you think, the choices that we make in life.
If you want to have sustained joy, you have to not only make sure that you think right, but you also have to make decisions now that are going to guarantee some joy in the future.
I've been saying for a couple of years now that people need to let God out of the Sunday morning box, that He doesn't want to just be with you for an hour or two on Sunday morning and then put back in His box to sit there until you have an emergency, but He wants to invade your Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
I just really believe people have to get hungry. I think maybe what we need to do, instead of trying to stuff our beliefs down people's throats, is just pray for them to really be hungry and to see their neediness.
I know from personal experience how damaging it can be to live with bitterness and unforgiveness. I like to say it's like taking poison and hoping your enemy will die. And it really is that harmful to us to live this way.
A lot of times, people feel that if they forgive the person who hurt them, then they will continue to take advantage of them or not take responsibility for what they did wrong.
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.
There are some hurts that we experience that can be forgiven but we won't forget them.
I tell people, and it's the truth, I could sit in my garage for a week and it won't make me a car. And you can sit in church till your bottom is flat and that won't make you a servant of Christ.
God doesn't love me any more or less because I had some work done on my face. You know, I prayed about it a long, long, long, long, long time, because there again, I wouldn't want to do anything that I felt was going to be offensive to God.
I want to look my best for God. So many people have the attitude that if you're a Christian you've got to dress bad, wear an old color, not do anything to your hair, have nothing. It's no wonder that Christianity is not very attractive. I mean, how many people do you know in a Western culture that's going to go, 'Yeah, give me some of that?'
When I ask people to give, I can't be on television if they don't; I can't help people, if I don't - I mean, it takes money.
Do you know something? The minute that blood sacrifice was accepted, Jesus was the first human being that was ever born again. Now that was real - it happened when he was in Hell.
There is no hope of anyone going to Heaven unless they believe this truth I am presenting. You cannot go to Heaven unless you believe with all your heart that Jesus took your place in Hell.
God's grace is amazing! We're saved by grace - God's undeserved favor - and we live by grace, which is also God's power in our lives to do what we could never do in our own strength. And it's all because God is love, and He loves us unconditionally, constantly and completely.
Even though God loves us, we still have a problem: sin. It's important for us to learn how to confront sin and overcome it, because while God loves sinners, He hates sin. And He hates it because of what it does to us and how it keeps us from the abundant life Jesus died to give us.
It is hard to separate the art from the artist.
I feel like I inspire more people than I think I do. I just need to remember that.
Shout out to Sting: that's the G.O.A.T. right there. The goat. Greatest of all time.
It's good to put money back into communities.
Trust me: it's cool to invest.
Even if I'm talking about something that's negative, I look at it as putting my mistakes out there for people to learn from it.
I got family members that's police officers. I don't got no problem if you a cop, as long as y'all doing y'all job, and y'all not harassing.
I kinda grew up in different places. I was just from everywhere.
I've always been involved in music. Whether it be taking piano lessons or something, I always have.
I don't want to get lost in everything. I just want to keep the same work ethic.
Even in high school, I went through a lot of relationship issues, and that's at the center of my music.
I'm probably one of the biggest Drake fans you could ever find.
I never thought about college, but my mom thought about it for me. I knew 100 percent it wasn't for me.
Nobody on this earth is perfect. Everybody has their flaws; everybody has their dark secrets and vices.
I really just like making music. People call that 'work.' Like, 'Oh, you're going to the studio to work?' No, that's even what I do in my off day. I love recording.
I feel like that's what's going to be most respected at the end of the day, that I'm able to do so many different things and become less of a rapper and just more as a musician.
I started recording in my sophomore year in high school. I recorded things on my cell phone in my basement.
I had phases of listening to rap and trap, and then I had phases where I'd listen to post-hardcore, rap, grunge, metal... all that. I had different time periods of listening to different music. And now it all clashes together.
I think it's important to add a personal aspect to your music - that's what makes it authentic at the end of the day.
Lucid dreaming is dreaming but you being aware that you're doing it.
I feel as though, if you're able to control your dreams, you have more power and control over your mind, like you could reach more areas of your mind. Therefore, I feel like it creates the ability for you to achieve more things in reality.
Music is the best way that I can communicate with other people.
My school had a radio show, and when I first decided to become a rapper, I was on there, and I would, like, freestyle.
I've always been different.
I can admit and say that I have feelings.
I freestyle everything.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.
No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.
Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
Men freely believe that which they desire.
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.
Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.
I had rather be first in a village than second at Rome.
Men are nearly always willing to believe what they wish.
I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.
I have lived long enough both in years and in accomplishments.
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.
Experience is the teacher of all things.
I have always reckoned the dignity of the republic of first importance and preferable to life.
I am prepared to resort to anything, to submit to anything, for the sake of the commonwealth.
-1
Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form.
Let the ruling classes tremble at a communist revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. Workingmen of all countries, unite!
Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity.
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism.
Democracy is the road to socialism.
Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science.
Workers of the world unite; you have nothing to lose but your chains.
If anything is certain, it is that I myself am not a Marxist.
For the bureaucrat, the world is a mere object to be manipulated by him.
Religion is the opium of the masses.
Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer.
Capital is dead labor, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living labor, and lives the more, the more labor it sucks.
Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs.
A specter is haunting Europe - the specter of communism.
Experience praises the most happy the one who made the most people happy.
In bourgeois society capital is independent and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no individuality.
While the miser is merely a capitalist gone mad, the capitalist is a rational miser.
A commodity appears at first sight an extremely obvious, trivial thing. But its analysis brings out that it is a very strange thing, abounding in metaphysical subtleties and theological niceties.
The product of mental labor - science - always stands far below its value, because the labor-time necessary to reproduce it has no relation at all to the labor-time required for its original production.
Society does not consist of individuals but expresses the sum of interrelations, the relations within which these individuals stand.
We should not say that one man's hour is worth another man's hour, but rather that one man during an hour is worth just as much as another man during an hour. Time is everything, man is nothing: he is at the most time's carcass.
I have met almost everyone I've wanted to meet.
It's a sin to be tired.
When people see an actor speak, they think they know him or her, whereas I'm just a face or a body to them.
What people say isn't going to stop me. I have to do things for myself.
There's always a dinner to go to. There're always loads of people around. I was having fun working with my friends. For a while it all just kind of rolled together in a great way.
There was a point when it all really took off and got quite overwhelming, even though I didn't realize it.
The first time I went to Johnny Depp's house in LA is when I realized what I was getting myself into. I knew he was famous, but I didn't really know what that entailed.
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.
People don't hear me talk. They don't expect me to.
Now I can walk into a room full of people I don't know and do my job. That's quite a massive thing to learn, I think.
It is quite amazing what I didn't feel after a while. I didn't really want to feel things.
I'll never forget that show season. It was completely mad. I was staying between Christy and Naomi's rooms and it was all limos and the Ritz Hotel and all that kind of business.
I'd go on the train to castings, changing from my school uniform on the train. I carried on like that for a few years, getting jobs in bits and pieces.
I was really nervous, intimidated by the whole thing-all the people and all the buzzing, and all the sitting around waiting. I felt really small in this huge place.
I was definitely living fast. I was working, traveling a lot, playing. I didn't stop. It all became unbalanced.
I was amazed at the support that I got when I was in there. And when I came out people knew that I was back on track. I was interested in working again.
I was a scapegoat. The media had to put responsibility on somebody, and I was chosen. They felt free to say that because someone was thin they were anorexic, which is ridiculous.
I was 14 when I started modeling. At the end of that first day my mum said, If you want to do this, you're on your own because I'm not traipsing around London ever again like that. It's a nightmare.
I thought it was quite vain to say, I want to be a model.
I started going back and forth, New York, London, New York, London. I wasn't looking back at all. I was doing tons of jobs. Working, working, working, working.
I like creating images.
I kind of lost interest in school. I was never really that interested anyway. I was never academic. I didn't really go to school as much as I should have.
I have made some of the best friends that I've got in this business.
I have a dress-up chest at home. I love to create this fantasy kind of thing.
I had tried to get focused on other things. But I always ended up back in the same place, and it wasn't making me happy. I needed to get the focus back.
Everyone's projecting onto you, or you feel like everyone is judging you. I feel like I'm being judged a lot of the time. You become really self-conscious.
Girls are capable of doing everything men are capable of doing. Sometimes they have more imagination than men.
I'm always interested in learning something new.
I don't have a feeling of inferiority. Never had. I'm as good as anybody, but no better.
I counted everything. I counted the steps to the road, the steps up to church, the number of dishes and silverware I washed... anything that could be counted, I did.
In math, you're either right or you're wrong.
We will always have STEM with us. Some things will drop out of the public eye and will go away, but there will always be science, engineering, and technology. And there will always, always be mathematics.
Everything was so new - the whole idea of going into space was new and daring. There were no textbooks, so we had to write them.
I was excited at something new, always liked something new, but give credit to everybody who helped. I didn't do anything alone but try to go to the root of the question and succeeded there.
I had a very, very interesting childhood, but, oh my, education was the primary focus in our family.
John Glenn's life will long be remembered for his time in space, his courage, and his service to all Americans.
I like to learn. That's an art and a science.
Many professors tell you that you'd be good at this or that, but they don't always help you with that career path.
I felt most proud on the success of the Apollo mission.
I found what I was looking for at Langley. This was what a research mathematician did. I went to work every day for 33 years happy. Never did I get up and say I don't want to go to work.
I liked working with smart people.
Go see 'Hidden Figures,' and take a young person! It will give a more positive outlook on what is possible if you work hard, do your best, and are prepared.
Take all the courses in your curriculum. Do the research. Ask questions. Find someone doing what you are interested in! Be curious!
Men don't pay attention to small things.
Everything is physics and math.
I see a picture right now that's not parallel, so I'm going to go straighten it. Things must be in order.
Let me do it. You tell me when you want it and where you want it to land, and I'll do it backwards and tell you when to take off.
Our teachers made such a difference - all my teachers and professors were very supportive and nurturing.
We needed to be assertive as women in those days - assertive and aggressive - and the degree to which we had to be that way depended on where you were. I had to be.
I was just excited to have challenging work to do and smart people to work with.
Like what you do, and then you will do your best.
Kissing someone is pretty intimate, actually very intimate, and your heart always kind of skips a beat before you do that.
It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.
I'm Mickey Mouse. They don't know who's inside the suit.
When I don't feel free and can't do what I want I just react. I go against it.
Because we're actors we can pretend and fake it, but I'd rather the intimate investment was authentic.
I try not to think about my life. I have no life. I need therapy.
The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way.
I just felt that if I went into Speed 2, I just... wouldn't have come up out of the water.
On a good night, I get underwear, bras, and hotel-room keys thrown onstage... You start to think that you're Tom Jones.
I'm a meathead. I can't help it, man. You've got smart people and you've got dumb people.
Here comes 40. I'm feeling my age and I've ordered the Ferrari. I'm going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
I'm sorry my existence is not very noble or sublime.
People were saying that David Geffen and I had gotten married and it just blew me away. Not that they thought I was gay, but that they thought I could land a guy that hot.
Grief changes shape, but it never ends.
I've been really fortunate to be able to do different kinds of films in different scales, different genres, different kinds of roles, and that is important to me.
You want to play another kind of character in another genre, and it's been something I've been trying to do if I can in the career so far, and it's something I hope to continue because it's interesting to me and you get to do different things as an actor.
It's the journey of self, I guess. You start with this kind of loner, outside guy, which a lot of people can relate to, and he goes out into the world.
I loved the material when I first read it, and the experience of making the film was a great one. So when we came around to complete the trilogy, I just signed on board without even reading the scripts because the experience of the first film was so good.
The truth is often terrifying, which I think is one of the motifs of Larry and Andrew's cinema. The cost of knowledge is an important theme. In the second and third films, they explore the consequences of Neo's choice to know the truth. It's a beautiful, beautiful story.
Basically it starts with four months of training, just basic stretching, kicking and punching. Then you come to the choreography and getting ready to put the dance together.
Sometimes when you make a film you can go away for three months and then come back and live your life. But this struck a much deeper chord. I don't have the ability yet to speak about it in an objective.
I am not handsome or sexy. Of course, it's not like I am hopeless.
The whole aspect of cinema and film festivals should be a moment to come together and celebrate art and humanity. It would be a shame if there was such a divide.
When you stand for something, you've got to stand for it all the way, not half way.
I'm a felon. I get pulled over all the time.
Man, all lives matter.
I attended college in prison. I was in jail, so there ain't no going to no classes. They have programs in certain facilities where you can earn good time, and then you get time taken off your sentence. But as far as going to classes, it's not like that. You study, and then an administrator gives you a test. I got a Master's in psychology.
Coming up in the streets, I had to learn how to read people early on. I'm a very analytical person. I observe a lot of the things that people don't notice.
I don't know how the rap game is, because I'm a fan of reality, and the rap game's entertainment.
Biggie Smalls, Jay-Z, Nas, Eminem, Big L, Tupac. That was, like, my top five, generally.
True wealth is not of the pocket, but of the heart and of the mind.
I just always wanted to study human behavior because every psychologist that I would talk to would tell me I was bipolar, and I know I'm not bipolar, so I had to perform a psychoanalysis on myself to find out that I have unresolved grief.
I have trouble with letting go. That's my problem.
I have trust issues with allowing other individuals to know my innermost secrets for fear of how I may be viewed. Everyone has this.
I've just always been a reader.
I was born on a full moon. Both my children were born on full moons, too. Some people say that's scary. It is what it is, man, I don't be trippin'. I couldn't tell God when I wanted to be born.
I was always taught not to answer no questions. I'm not really good at answering them because I get agitated so fast.
I married my best friend that happens to be a girl.
I think California has the best energy.
My skin is 24 karat gold when a sun hit it.
I'm an introvert somewhat. There could be a room full of people, I'll go stand in the corner.
I've had mixtapes that have been better than albums I've heard from other artists. I take my time; I put my heart into it.
I'm not no Internet person.
The only frustrating thing about jail is that I can't make music.
I really don't pay attention to the outside world when I'm incarcerated, because being in prison is like being in a different world. So I don't pay attention to what's going on outside of jail, because it's all beyond my control.
I adapt and I adjust to whatever environment I'm in.
I'm never on Twitter. I'm never on Instagram. And that's not by choice: it's just that those things never really interested me. I might post a picture here and there, but that ain't really been my focus.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories. I'm just a cold-blooded investigator.
I always wanted a family.
Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it'll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.
I think if someone gets kicked in the face it is their fault - they watched the foot come towards their face.
My experiences in life are getting bigger and better. The more stuff I do, the more stuff I talk about - having kids, traveling, going through relationship problems, dealing with things in my own family. All that stuff builds character.
At the end of the day, I want to be part of the same conversation as Chris Rock, Eddie Murphy, Dave Chappelle, Bill Cosby and Richard Pryor.
A reputation as a hard worker is a good reputation to have.
I feel like I have a job to do, like I constantly have to reinvent myself. The more I up the ante for myself, the better it is in the long run. I try to interact with my fans as much as possible. It's good that the person I'm being onstage isn't really an act. It's really me.
Here's the thing. We do a movie with a predominantly black cast, and it's put in a category of being a black film. When other movies are done with a predominantly white cast, we don't call them a white film. I'm trying to remove the stigma off things they call black films.
I'm not the most attractive fella. I'm not a Billy Dee Williams. Personality is everything.
Because I'm small, I've been called things from 'Happy Feet' to 'Little Face.'
My dad was never married. He was kind of a rolling stone. But he was never disrespectful. At the same time, even though he had women in his life when I was a kid, there wasn't any consistency.
No man wants to settle down. It happens. Eventually you're going to bump into somebody that makes you go, 'Hmm, I don't mind seeing this person every day.'
I've done auditions where the casting director is taking the paper out of my hand in the middle of reading.
My show 'The Big House' was picked up; they flew me to New York. I'm about to step on stage to announce Kevin Hart's 'The Big House.' And a hand grabs my shoulder, 'Kevin no, they just decided to cancel it.' It's a serious smack-in-the-face business, and either you can take it, or you can't.
I don't see how people are comfortable with seeing other people be great. You can be happy for anybody, but what is your excuse to not want to be great? These people are great because they just say, 'I'ma do that,' and they do it. That's it. There's no scientifical process.
Any hand that I've shaken, any person that I met when I was Joe Blow, now that I'm this guy Kevin Hart, has come back. That's why I treat everybody with respect. I'm always a nice pleasant guy to meet because when they come back to you, they remember.
Laughter heals all wounds, and that's one thing that everybody shares. No matter what you're going through, it makes you forget about your problems. I think the world should keep laughing.
I understand that being able to appeal to the public and having an amazing sense of humour is not something that comes easy. It's definitely a gift and for which I'm thankful.
I had a great time being a salesman because of the pitches that I gave when I was selling shoes. However, I don't think I'm as well versed in shoes as I am in comedy. Being a salesman was all about being a people person, and I enjoy being around people. I also love talking to people - which is why I think I did so well.
I'm a whopping 5 foot 4 inches tall. I'm not going to get any taller.
I am who I am. That's why my friends and peers respect and appreciate me. I don't change or cater my actions to fit my surroundings. I'm myself 24/7. People appreciate that.
I've done a great job at being universal in my stand-up, which is why, for 'Let Me Explain,' I toured all over the world. These movies I have coming out - 'Ride Along,' 'Grudge Match,' 'About Last Night,' 'Think Like a Man Too' - are putting me in a position to become universal on an even bigger scale.
I can honestly say, after talking about my mom passing away, I got the biggest weight off of my chest. Comedy is my therapy. That's how I deal with my problems, my personal battles. I talk about it. I give it to my fans. When they laugh at it, it's a release, for lack of a better word.
I don't take pictures when I'm with my kids, for the sake of my kids. It's important when you're as busy as I am that you give your kids your time when you're with them, and nothing compromises that. I've been lucky enough to have fans that understand that.
I am capable of holding the quote-unquote 'title' of leading man. Leading man just means people want to see you and assume that you can hold a film, carry a movie.
The same thing I did in 2013 is what I'm trying to do in 2014, which is continue to improve, continue to shock people. You know, I have several projects coming up between 2014 and 2015, and hopefully by 2015, I'll have another hour of stand-up material where I'll be able to go on the road and tour again.
When you have box-office results, Hollywood treats you different. Hollywood stands up. Once you get to the point where Hollywood sees that you create results, then the demand for you becomes higher.
I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires.
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.
The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it simply.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.
You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
All that spirits desire, spirits attain.
They consider me to have sharp and penetrating vision because I see them through the mesh of a sieve.
What difference is there between us, save a restless dream that follows my soul but fears to come near you?
Knowledge of the self is the mother of all knowledge. So it is incumbent on me to know my self, to know it completely, to know its minutiae, its characteristics, its subtleties, and its very atoms.
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
Safeguarding the rights of others is the most noble and beautiful end of a human being.
Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love; love recompenses the adorers.
Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.
Nor shall derision prove powerful against those who listen to humanity or those who follow in the footsteps of divinity, for they shall live forever. Forever.
What is this world that is hastening me toward I know not what, viewing me with contempt?
A lot of people told me that I'm committing musical suicide with my sound.
And there's a feeling you get from making music that is unlike anything else in the world.
Are some women and children going to die? Yeah. But it's doing the right thing. You got money, you sit around talking about peace. People who don't have money need some help.
As far as my street cred goes, I'll always have that, because I always hang with the kids. I'll jump right off the stage and buy them a beer. I'll be a star on stage, but I'll always hang with the kids.
Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen.
But honestly, it's pretty weird; there are girls who'd do absolutely everything just to get a backstage pass. I don't know what it is, but really, when you're on national TV in America the girls love you. They all want you! And I'm not complaining!
But I'm a great father. That's why I got custody.
Europeans don't seem to have the groupie mentality.
Going out hanging out with the troops, and you know it's kind of all summed up in the TV show, I don't what else I can say about it. It's a great thing to do, something I'm definitely proud of.
I always believed it would happen and stuck to my guns.
I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers.
I care less if I can't be part of your scene because I am the scene. I am everything that is.
I could care less about what people think. I'm a Devil Without A Cause.
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that.
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.
I know every Skynyrd and about all Johnny Cash songs.
I like to make music, I like rap music. Even if I'm white, I support that music. If I want to support it or any other white kid wants to support it more power to them.
I never said I wanted to be around for a long time. I always said I wanted to be here for a good time.
I signal with an independent label, Continuum. After that I put out a totally independent record, sold fourteen thousand of them from my basement, bought a house, started raising my kid, made a decent living.
I think I did every drug known to mankind, smoked crack, boozed, dropped acid, you name it.
I think what I've learned out of this lifetime is you should be proud of where you come from.
I want as many people as possible to hear my music. I'm happy to entertain people by being a star.
I was the little white kid who rocked the turntables.
I'm actually a pretty decent human being, and when I'm home I'm straight as an arrow.
It's not that I'm Mr. Goody-Two-Shoes now, but I've got my priorities in order.
My past is a bit checkered.
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.
I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.
The topic of leadership is a touchy one. A lot of leaders fail because they don't have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord. Throughout my years, I haven't had that fear.
I'm reflective only in the sense that I learn to move forward. I reflect with a purpose.
Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences.
Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise.
The important thing is that your teammates have to know you're pulling for them and you really want them to be successful.
Winning takes precedence over all. There's no gray area. No almosts.
I like playing for the purple and gold. This is where I want to finish up.
I don't want to be the next Michael Jordan, I only want to be Kobe Bryant.
I'm chasing perfection.
My parents are my backbone. Still are. They're the only group that will support you if you score zero or you score 40.
There's been a lot of talk of me being a one-man show but that's simply not the case. We win games when I score 40 points and we've won when I score 10.
I've played with IVs before, during and after games. I've played with a broken hand, a sprained ankle, a torn shoulder, a fractured tooth, a severed lip, and a knee the size of a softball. I don't miss 15 games because of a toe injury that everybody knows wasn't that serious in the first place.
The Black Mamba collection of watches is me: It is my alter ego, so to speak. As I mentioned before, it is sharp, cutting edge and sleek which are characteristics I try to apply when I'm out there on the basketball court.
Everyone looks at your watch and it represents who you are, your values and your personal style.
We all know what flopping is when we see it. The stuff that you see is where guys aren't really getting hit at all and are just flailing around like a fish out of water.
I'm not the most patient of people.
It's different from being 21 and you think there's endless amount of opportunities. At 33, the ending is much, much closer.
I draw from the crowd a lot.
If I panic, everyone else panics.
I'm more than comfortable just sitting back and scoring 21, 22 points or whatever and getting 10, 11 assists whatever the case might be. More than comfortable with that. It's just a matter of the pieces that you have around you and what you can do to elevate everybody else.
I can't relate to lazy people. We don't speak the same language. I don't understand you. I don't want to understand you.
I love going one-on-one with someone. That's what I do. I've never lost. It's a whole different game, just to have them right in front of you and be able to do whatever you want.
When I listen to 'Nevermind,' I hate the production, but there's something about it that almost makes me cry at times.
I'm too busy acting like I'm not Naive. I've seen it all, I was here first.
I like to complain and do nothing to make things better.
The sun is gone, but I have a light.
We're so trendy we can't even escape ourselves.
Punk is musical freedom. It's saying, doing and playing what you want. In Webster's terms, 'nirvana' means freedom from pain, suffering and the external world, and that's pretty close to my definition of Punk Rock.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
I've always had a problem with the average macho man - they've always been a threat to me.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.
I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else.
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with with your self-esteem. They're no good at all.
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Rather be dead than cool.
I won't eat anything green.
We have no right to express an opinion until we know all of the answers.
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven's sake.
New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with, the richer we become.
Any man can call time out, but no man can say how long the time out will be.
Laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion. I myself prefer to laugh, since there is less cleaning up to do afterward.
If you can do a half-assed job of anything, you're a one-eyed man in a kingdom of the blind.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before.
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
People don't come to church for preachments, of course, but to daydream about God.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous. He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae.
If people think nature is their friend, then they sure don't need an enemy.
Who is more to be pitied, a writer bound and gagged by policemen or one living in perfect freedom who has nothing more to say?
Human beings will be happier - not when they cure cancer or get to Mars or eliminate racial prejudice or flush Lake Erie but when they find ways to inhabit primitive communities again. That's my utopia.
Still and all, why bother? Here's my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone.
Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.
What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different.
To whom it may concern: It is springtime. It is late afternoon.
-1
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Hold fast to dreams For when dreams go Life is a barren field Frozen with snow.
My soul has grown deep like the rivers.
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
It's such a Bore Being always Poor.
I will not take 'but' for an answer.
What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or does it explode?
We Negro writers, just by being black, have been on the blacklist all our lives. Censorship for us begins at the color line.
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose.
We younger Negro artists who create now intend to express our individual dark-skinned selves without fear or shame. If white people are pleased, we are glad. If they are not, it doesn't matter. We know we are beautiful. And ugly too.
My chief literary influences have been Paul Laurence Dunbar, Carl Sandburg, and Walt Whitman. My favorite public figures include Jimmy Durante, Marlene Dietrich, Mary McLeod Bethune, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, Marian Anderson, and Henry Armstrong.
I live in Harlem, New York City. I am unmarried. I like 'Tristan,' goat's milk, short novels, lyric poems, heat, simple folk, boats and bullfights; I dislike 'Aida,' parsnips, long novels, narrative poems, cold, pretentious folk, buses and bridges.
My writing has been largely concerned with the depicting of Negro life in America.
I was a victim of a stereotype. There were only two of us Negro kids in the whole class, and our English teacher was always stressing the importance of rhythm in poetry. Well, everybody knows - except us - that all Negroes have rhythms, so they elected me class poet.
Violent anger makes me physically ill.
In all my life, I have never been free. I have never been able to do anything with freedom, except in the field of my writing.
I must never write when I do not want to write.
Certainly there is, for the American Negro artist who can escape the restrictions the more advanced among his own group would put upon him, a great field of unused material ready for his art.
Without going outside his race, and even among the better classes with their 'white' culture and conscious American manners, but still Negro enough to be different, there is sufficient matter to furnish a black artist with a lifetime of creative work.
Jazz, to me, is one of the inherent expressions of Negro life in America: the eternal tom-tom beating in the Negro soul - the tom-tom of revolt against weariness in a white world, a world of subway trains, and work, work, work; the tom-tom of joy and laughter, and pain swallowed in a smile.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
Sincere words are not fine; fine words are not sincere.
The wicked leader is he who the people despise. The good leader is he who the people revere. The great leader is he who the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
It is better to do one's own duty, however defective it may be, than to follow the duty of another, however well one may perform it. He who does his duty as his own nature reveals it, never sins.
Treat those who are good with goodness, and also treat those who are not good with goodness. Thus goodness is attained. Be honest to those who are honest, and be also honest to those who are not honest. Thus honesty is attained.
Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions.
The higher the sun ariseth, the less shadow doth he cast; even so the greater is the goodness, the less doth it covet praise; yet cannot avoid its rewards in honours.
The sage does not hoard. The more he helps others, the more he benefits himself, The more he gives to others, the more he gets himself. The Way of Heaven does one good but never does one harm. The Way of the sage is to act but not to compete.
We've got to pause and ask ourselves: How much clean air do we need?
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life.
One of the things the government can't do is run anything. The only things our government runs are the post office and the railroads, and both of them are bankrupt.
People want economy and they will pay any price to get it.
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.
If a guy is over 25 percent jerk, he's in trouble. And Henry was 95 percent.
There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.
Trouble shared is trouble halved.
The affections are like lightning: you cannot tell where they will strike till they have fallen.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.
You can have brilliant ideas, but if you can't get them across, your ideas won't get you anywhere.
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything.
If you want to make good use of your time, you've got to know what's most important and then give it all you've got.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.
So what do we do? Anything. Something. So long as we just don't sit there. If we screw it up, start over. Try something else. If we wait until we've satisfied all the uncertainties, it may be too late.
The discipline of writing something down is the first step toward making it happen.
The kind of people I look for to fill top management spots are the eager beavers, the mavericks. These are the guys who try to do more than they're expected to do - they always reach.
I have always found that if I move with seventy-five percent or more of the facts that I usually never regret it. It's the guys who wait to have everything perfect that drive you crazy.
The speed of the boss is the speed of the team.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.
I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things... I play with leaves. I skip down the street and run against the wind.
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
We all need each other.
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
We are no longer puppets being manipulated by outside powerful forces: we become the powerful force ourselves.
If we wish to free ourselves from enslavement, we must choose freedom and the responsibility this entails.
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
If I don't have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance.
What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.
Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal.
If you want to be happy, be.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
The law condemns and punishes only actions within certain definite and narrow limits; it thereby justifies, in a way, all similar actions that lie outside those limits.
Music is the shorthand of emotion.
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
He never chooses an opinion; he just wears whatever happens to be in style.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.
Faith is the sense of life, that sense by virtue of which man does not destroy himself, but continues to live on. It is the force whereby we live.
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them.
Our body is a machine for living. It is organized for that, it is its nature. Let life go on in it unhindered and let it defend itself.
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken.
And all people live, Not by reason of any care they have for themselves, But by the love for them that is in other people.
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
This world is full of conflicts and full of things that cannot be reconciled. But there are moments when we can... reconcile and embrace the whole mess, and that's what I mean by 'Hallelujah.'
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.
When you stop thinking about yourself all the time, a certain sense of repose overtakes you.
When things get really bad, just raise your glass and stamp your feet and do a little jig. That's about all you can do.
Children show scars like medals. Lovers use them as secrets to reveal. A scar is what happens when the word is made flesh.
I don't consider myself a pessimist. I think of a pessimist as someone who is waiting for it to rain. And I feel soaked to the skin.
A woman watches her body uneasily, as though it were an unreliable ally in the battle for love.
Let judges secretly despair of justice: their verdicts will be more acute. Let generals secretly despair of triumph; killing will be defamed. Let priests secretly despair of faith: their compassion will be true.
The term clinical depression finds its way into too many conversations these days. One has a sense that a catastrophe has occurred in the psychic landscape.
There is a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.
Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you act.
The last refuge of the insomniac is a sense of superiority to the sleeping world.
I am an old scholar, better-looking now than when I was young. That's what sitting on your ass does to your face.
Prayer is translation. A man translates himself into a child asking for all there is in a language he has barely mastered.
Any startling piece of work has a subversive element in it, a delicious element often. Subversion is only disagreeable when it manifests in political or social activity.
I didn't want to write for pay. I wanted to be paid for what I write.
I always considered myself a minor writer. My province is small, and I try to explore it very, very thoroughly.
We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it.
I never really liked poetry readings; I liked to read poetry by myself, but I liked singing, chanting my lyrics to this jazz group.
Success is survival.
I speak of a clinical depression that is the background of your entire life, a background of anguish and anxiety, a sense that nothing goes well, that pleasure is unavailable and all your strategies collapse.
We're in a world where there's famine and hunger and people are dodging bullets and having their nails pulled out in dungeons so it's very hard for me to place any high value on the work that I do to write a song. Yeah, I work hard but compared to what?
I read with some amusement my reputation as a ladies' man. My friends are amused by that, too, because they know my life.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Knowledge of the past and of the places of the earth is the ornament and food of the mind of man.
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?
Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!
The painter who draws merely by practice and by eye, without any reason, is like a mirror which copies every thing placed in front of it without being conscious of their existence.
Painting is concerned with all the 10 attributes of sight; which are: Darkness, Light, Solidity and Colour, Form and Position, Distance and Propinquity, Motion and Rest.
The mind of the painter must resemble a mirror, which always takes the colour of the object it reflects and is completely occupied by the images of as many objects as are in front of it.
In order to arrive at knowledge of the motions of birds in the air, it is first necessary to acquire knowledge of the winds, which we will prove by the motions of water in itself, and this knowledge will be a step enabling us to arrive at the knowledge of beings that fly between the air and the wind.
It is better to imitate ancient than modern work.
To such an extent does nature delight and abound in variety that among her trees there is not one plant to be found which is exactly like another; and not only among the plants, but among the boughs, the leaves and the fruits, you will not find one which is exactly similar to another.
Nature never breaks her own laws.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence; he is just using his memory.
You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.
In day-to-day commerce, television is not so much interested in the business of communications as in the business of delivering audiences to advertisers. People are the merchandise, not the shows. The shows are merely the bait.
Unlike productions in the other arts, all television shows are born to destroy two other shows.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.
Honor your commitments with integrity.
You must remain focused on your journey to greatness.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Forgive those who have hurt you.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality.
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Anytime you suffer a setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead.
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today.
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.
You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win.
I can't be normal. I'm probably bipolar.
I've had my heart broken in a lot of different ways a lot of different times by different people - whether it be a family member, a girlfriend, a friend, just all types of relying on people, making yourself vulnerable to people.
I go as hard as I can when I'm anxiety-free.
Never be ungrateful.
I'm surrounded by good people, and I surround myself with good people.
It's either love or hate with me. People really can hate me.
Future is gonna be remembered forever. Future just has so much quality music.
I didn't even walk for graduation - I did graduate, though. I got this homeschool deal. I didn't have to go to school because I was depressed, and my mom wrote all these essays for me. I didn't write one of them. She literally got me my diploma.
I help my friends out when they need it. I'm extremely generous.
My mommy raised me so well.
I wish I was a little less... passionate. I'm a very passionate person.
I have horrible anxiety.
I always knew I was gonna be an artist. I was very confident in that.
Once I found out that people were really making careers for themselves off the Internet, independently, I was really inspired.
Music makes me cry.
My mom has been calling me Peep my whole life. That's how I got the name.
I do what I want, when I want.
Education was never my higher calling.
Some days, I'll be very down and out, but you won't be able to tell, really, because I don't express that side of myself on social media. That's the side of myself that I express through music.
I love thrifting.
I love gas stations. Gas stations have some of the sickest clothes ever. T-shirts, hats, everything.
I never dress the same way for a week - I'll dress like a whole other person the next week.
Eventually, I want to have my own clothing line.
I'm not a Soundcloud rapper anymore.
Everything changes with time. You can't predict where you're gonna be next year; you have no idea, you know what I mean?
You have to be grateful for what you have.
I stopped thinking; I just go out, and everything is in the moment. I just stop thinking and start moving - you just gotta be you.
If you're you, it doesn't matter if you're the most boring person in the world: someone will like you. You're not trying to be anyone else.
There are always people who are into the old way of doing things. I don't think it's a bad thing necessarily, but things change - nothing stays the same. If you can stay true to yourself, you're always going to be legendary.
I'm already popular in my city. I was just trying to get rich. Man, I'm not gonna lie to you; I didn't really want to go back to school. I mean, my family was mad about that. Because, you know, you tell your family you want to rap, and they look at you like you're crazy.
I got a lot of influences. I got relevant influences today. I got influences that you wouldn't even think of. I'm very influenced by Marilyn Manson. His style is ridiculous. Like, honestly, if you want me to keep it 100, Marilyn Manson has as much style as Kanye West and Pharrell Williams.
My first CD that I had was the Ying Yang Twinz, and my grandma bought it for me. Honestly, I think my grandma got it from a thrift store or something. She just got it for me. It was in downtown Philadelphia. And I would listen to it. I liked it. None of my friends did, though, but I liked it.
Don't get me wrong: school is good and all, but school is way too slow for me. Like, super slow. So I didn't want to go. I wanted to learn on my own with real life experiences.
A whole bunch of 'ayes' and a whole bunch of 'yeahs.' That's it. That's all I do. I say yeah. I tell myself that I'm not gon' go over 80. I say, like, 79 yeahs, and it works. We what you call mumble rappers. So you say 'yeah' after everything and make it rhyme no matter what it is.
I'm just doing me, and to me, that's what got me this far.
Everybody really don't rock with each other in Philly - that's a problem. 'Cause me being in Atlanta now, I stay in Atlanta, and I get to see everybody work with everybody no matter what.
I don't know... Philly's a little different. It's a little bit more competitive. Everybody's got something to prove. In Atlanta, you see stars every day walking down the street; it's normal.
Atlanta is down south, the club. So the most thing played down there is club music. Everybody wants a hit.
The type of music I make, it's not just straight-up rapping. There's emotion in it. That's why people feel each song differently. I get all my vibes from rock music, you know? All my melodies and all that.
There's a lot of haters in Philly, but it's a lot of people that give you support - but way more haters. It's definitely a great city to be from. But it's not really a lot of people that come out of there. So when you, like, make it out of Philadelphia, everywhere else is easy.
You can't say I look like this person or sound like this person exactly because I made it my own. I'm pretty, pretty influenced by myself right now.
One thing rap and rock have in common, a lot of it is focused on negativity. I like dark stuff.
I like to look cool and dress nice. Lil Uzi is a rock star. Just know that.
I really didn't want to rap; I was just a regular kid.
I'm a real big Marilyn Manson fan. I get a lot of my styles from him. Not even musically - living-wise, too. Marilyn Manson definitely shows me you shouldn't care what nobody say. I watched a bunch of his interviews, and he's not just an artist; he's one of the most intelligent people I ever saw in my life.
I don't know who I can compare my style to because I listen to everybody from old to new. If I hear stuff that I like, I'll definitely gravitate to it and spin it in my own way. I'm a mixture of a lot of people, honestly, but I'm myself.
I just want to be successful. I'm not going to sit here and be like, 'I want to win a Grammy' or whatever; if that comes, that's awesome. But I just want to be successful and provide for my whole family and get my family out the hood.
Some guy was just like, 'You rap fast, man. Like a little machine gun,' and from that moment, I was Lil Uzi.
I played the coronet first, and then I upgraded to the trumpet. First song I learned on there was 'Hot Cross Buns.'
I saw Marilyn Manson. He had, like, the platinum grills, and that's when I got my first ones. And honestly, I didn't even buy them. My grandma bought those. I paid her back right away, though.
I like a lot of ratchet, trap music. Definitely 21 Savage. We need some music like that. ManMan Savage. A lot of the Atlanta scene. But Philly, too.
Honestly, if you want me to keep it 100, Marilyn Manson has as much style as Kanye West and Pharrell Williams. He has a lot of style. I'm telling you, it's crazy. It might be a little darker, but it's crazy.
Young man, if God had wanted you to see me that way, he would have put your eyes in your bellybutton.
You can get through life with bad manners, but it's easier with good manners.
The older I get, the more I believe in what I can't explain or understand, even more than the things that are explainable and understandable.
What you get is a living, what you give is a life.
Never get caught acting.
A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
I personally think we developed language because of our deep need to complain.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.
Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it.
Ninety eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them.
I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Things are going to get a lot worse before they get worse.
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
We're all in this alone.
For fast-acting relief try slowing down.
We are all in this together, by ourselves.
Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying but when God talks to us we're schizophrenic?
What is reality, anyway? Just a collective hunch.
The road to success is always under construction.
Pretty much anything William Shatner is in is great. He's great at playing that 'I'm the only one sane in the world' character.
What 'Twilight Zone' did was show we all have a great capacity for good and evil.
In the best works of fiction, there's no mustache-twirling villain. I try to write shows where even the bad guy's got his reasons.
The only shows I saw as a kid were that holy trinity: 'Les Miz,' 'Cats,' 'Phantom.'
I couldn't possibly write 'Next to Normal,' but God, I can weep and watch 'Next to Normal' five times.
One of my first favorite books was 'The 12 Days of Christmas,' and I would just go up to people and say, 'I can sing 'The 12 Days of Christmas,' and I would make them sit through me reciting it, and I'd go all the way, each time. I've always hooked into lyrics.
There's been lots of theater that uses hip-hop in it, but more often than not, it's used as a joke - isn't it hilarious that these characters are rapping. I treat it as a musical form, and a musical form that allows you to pack in a ton of lyric.
My only responsibility as a playwright and a storyteller is to give you the time of your life in the theatre. I just happen to think that with Hamilton's story, sticking close to the facts helps me. All the most interesting things in the show happened.
If there is a Busta Rhymes of musical theater, it probably is Mandy Patinkin.
The musicals that leave us kind of staggering on our feet are the ones that really reach for a lot.
Rent' was the show that made me want to write. Or that showed me you're allowed to write.
I think I'm always subconsciously trying to write the ideal school play. Lots of parts for everybody, great parts for women - don't forget, more girls try out than boys in the school play; everyone gets to be in the school play.
Biggie and Big Pun were the best storytellers of the '90s. I would get wrapped up in the narrative of what they were talking about.
I like to separate the music- and lyric-writing processes if I can. I'll sort of noodle around on my keyboard and my computer until I have a beat or a chord progression, I'll record it as a loop, export it to iTunes, then walk around with the loop and sort of talk to myself in the loop, and that's how I get the lyrics.
West Wing' was huge. Like 'Hamilton,' it pulls back the curtain on how decision-making happens at the highest level, or at least how you hope it would be. The amount of information Aaron Sorkin packs into a scene gave me this courage to trust the audience to keep up.
The only other thing that's like video games for me is watching tennis on TV. I can have it on, and there's a rhythmic quality to it - I can be watching Wimbledon or the U.S. Open and still be working.
I can't say I have enough experience with Hollywood to feel that I've encountered racism there. I can tell you that I did about five fruitless years of auditioning for voiceovers where I did variations on tacos and Latin accents, and my first screen role was as a bellhop on 'The Sopranos.'
When I was asked to do a song from 'In the Heights' at the White House in 2009, I chose instead to do 'Alexander Hamilton' because I felt like I was meeting a moment.
I always had an eye toward the stage for the story of Hamilton's life, but I began with the idea of a concept album, the way Andrew Lloyd Webber's 'Evita' and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' were albums before they were musicals.
What I learned from my go-round with 'In the Heights' is that it's tough to make a movie. In Hollywood, even the people in charge have people in charge.
You know what's a great way of tricking people into thinking you're a genius? Write a show about geniuses!
I like the quiet it takes to pursue an idea the way I pursued 'Hamilton,' but I couldn't write a book, because there's no applause at the end of writing a book.
I kind of need to be ambulatory to write lyrics.
The fun for me in collaboration is, one, working with other people just makes you smarter; that's proven.
We love 'Fiddler.' We love 'West Side Story.' I want to be in that club. I want to be in the club that writes the musical that every high school does.
Sometimes a line enters your head, and you're so grateful for it. You go online to check to see if anyone wrote it before you. You must have stolen it.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray.
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; men love in haste but they detest at leisure.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
They never fail who die in a great cause.
Tis very certain the desire of life prolongs it.
I have great hopes that we shall love each other all our lives as much as if we had never married at all.
I love not man the less, but Nature more.
To withdraw myself from myself has ever been my sole, my entire, my sincere motive in scribbling at all.
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
This man is freed from servile bands, Of hope to rise, or fear to fall; Lord of himself, though not of lands, And leaving nothing, yet hath all.
A celebrity is one who is known to many persons he is glad he doesn't know.
Men think highly of those who rise rapidly in the world; whereas nothing rises quicker than dust, straw, and feathers.
He who is only just is cruel. Who on earth could live were all judged justly?
Let none think to fly the danger for soon or late love is his own avenger.
Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life.
Yes, love indeed is light from heaven; A spark of that immortal fire with angels shared, by Allah given to lift from earth our low desire.
Tis sweet to know there is an eye will mark our coming, and look brighter when we come.
Absence - that common cure of love.
There is something pagan in me that I cannot shake off. In short, I deny nothing, but doubt everything.
The dew of compassion is a tear.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
A lifetime contract for a coach means if you're ahead in the third quarter and moving the ball, they can't fire you.
It is a fine thing to have ability, but the ability to discover ability in others is the true test.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
How you respond to the challenge in the second half will determine what you become after the game, whether you are a winner or a loser.
Show me someone who has done something worthwhile, and I'll show you someone who has overcome adversity.
Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by.
When all is said and done, more is said than done.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
If you burn your neighbors house down, it doesn't make your house look any better.
On this team, we're all united in a common goal: to keep my job.
No one has ever drowned in sweat.
Coaching is nothing more than eliminating mistakes before you get fired.
If you try to fight the course, it will beat you.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
Motivation is simple. You eliminate those who are not motivated.
You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.
You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
Women have been called queens for a long time, but the kingdom given them isn't worth ruling.
People don't have fortunes left them in that style nowadays; men have to work and women to marry for money. It's a dreadfully unjust world.
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving, and we all have the power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing.
Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning.
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead.
Stay' is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
It takes two flints to make a fire.
She had a womanly instinct that clothes possess an influence more powerful over many than the worth of character or the magic of manners.
It takes people a long time to learn the difference between talent and genius, especially ambitious young men and women.
Girls are so queer you never know what they mean. They say No when they mean Yes, and drive a man out of his wits for the fun of it.
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
Conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long; even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
Love is a great beautifier.
I like to help women help themselves, as that is, in my opinion, the best way to settle the woman question. Whatever we can do and do well we have a right to, and I don't think any one will deny us.
Money is the root of all evil, and yet it is such a useful root that we cannot get on without it any more than we can without potatoes.
What do girls do who haven't any mothers to help them through their troubles?
Good books, like good friends, are few and chosen; the more select, the more enjoyable.
Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
I don't know how to tell a joke. I never tell jokes. I can tell stories that happened to me... anecdotes. But never a joke.
The more things you do, the more you can do.
Ability is of little account without opportunity.
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. The more things you do, the more you can do.
I regret the passing of the studio system. I was very appreciative of it because I had no talent.
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.
Use a make-up table with everything close at hand and don't rush; otherwise you'll look like a patchwork quilt.
You see much more of your children once they leave home.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
I think knowing what you cannot do is more important than knowing what you can.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
How I Love Lucy was born? We decided that instead of divorce lawyers profiting from our mistakes, we'd profit from them.
I am a real ham. I love an audience. I work better with an audience. I am dead, in fact, without one.
I hate failure and that divorce was a Number One failure in my eyes. It was the worst period of my life. Neither Desi nor I have been the same since, physically or mentally.
I will never do another TV series. It couldn't top I Love Lucy, and I'd be foolish to try. In this business, you have to know when to get off.
I'm sometimes scared of everything that has happened to us. We didn't think Desilu Productions would grow so big. We merely wanted to be together and have two children.
Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts.
A man who correctly guesses a woman's age may be smart, but he's not very bright.
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
Consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute.
No man enjoys the true taste of life, but he who is ready and willing to quit it.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have amounts to much more.
While we are postponing, life speeds by.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness.
No man was ever wise by chance.
We become wiser by adversity; prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
It is the failing of youth not to be able to restrain its own violence.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Whatever fortune has raised to a height, she has raised only to cast it down.
The less we deserve good fortune, the more we hope for it.
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.
A kingdom founded on injustice never lasts.
The limits of my language means the limits of my world.
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done.
Philosophy is like trying to open a safe with a combination lock: each little adjustment of the dials seems to achieve nothing, only when everything is in place does the door open.
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.
A confession has to be part of your new life.
A philosopher who is not taking part in discussions is like a boxer who never goes into the ring.
Like everything metaphysical the harmony between thought and reality is to be found in the grammar of the language.
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
It is one of the chief skills of the philosopher not to occupy himself with questions which do not concern him.
Philosophy is not a theory but an activity.
The real discovery is the one which enables me to stop doing philosophy when I want to. The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it is no longer tormented by questions which bring itself into question.
Never stay up on the barren heights of cleverness, but come down into the green valleys of silliness.
Language is a part of our organism and no less complicated than it.
Someone who knows too much finds it hard not to lie.
I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse. I only owe it to the horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment.
Logic takes care of itself; all we have to do is to look and see how it does it.
The logic of the world is prior to all truth and falsehood.
You get tragedy where the tree, instead of bending, breaks.
For a truly religious man nothing is tragic.
Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony.
Man has to awaken to wonder - and so perhaps do peoples. Science is a way of sending him to sleep again.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
There are no problems we cannot solve together, and very few that we can solve by ourselves.
Being president is like being a jackass in a hailstorm. There's nothing to do but to stand there and take it.
Freedom is not enough.
I have learned that only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. First, let her think she's having her own way. And second, let her have it.
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
This administration here and now declares unconditional war on poverty.
To conclude that women are unfitted to the task of our historic society seems to me the equivalent of closing male eyes to female facts.
We have the opportunity to move not only toward the rich society and the powerful society, but upward to the Great Society.
They call upon us to supply American boys to do the job that Asian boys should do.
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.
Our numbers have increased in Vietnam because the aggression of others has increased in Vietnam. There is not, and there will not be, a mindless escalation.
I report to you that our country is challenged at home and abroad: that it is our will that is being tried and not our strength; our sense of purpose and not our ability to achieve a better America.
The presidency has made every man who occupied it, no matter how small, bigger than he was; and no matter how big, not big enough for its demands.
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.
I don't believe I'll ever get credit for anything I do in foreign affairs, no matter how successful it is, because I didn't go to Harvard.
Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men's skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact.
Every man has a right to a Saturday night bath.
A man can take a little bourbon without getting drunk, but if you hold his mouth open and pour in a quart, he's going to get sick on it.
The CIA is made up of boys whose families sent them to Princeton but wouldn't let them into the family brokerage business.
When things haven't gone well for you, call in a secretary or a staff man and chew him out. You will sleep better and they will appreciate the attention.
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.
-1
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
If I asked for a cup of coffee, someone would search for the double meaning.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
To err is human, but it feels divine.
Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache.
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
When I'm good I'm very, very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.
It is better to be looked over than overlooked.
I only have 'yes' men around me. Who needs 'no' men?
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
He who hesitates is a damned fool.
I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it.
It ain't no sin if you crack a few laws now and then, just so long as you don't break any.
A man's kiss is his signature.
A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.
A hard man is good to find.
Sex is emotion in motion.
I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported.
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment, full effort is full victory.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.
The real ornament of woman is her character, her purity.
Self-respect knows no considerations.
Non-violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man.
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.
We may stumble and fall but shall rise again; it should be enough if we did not run away from the battle.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
History is a people's memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals.
I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street.
You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
The American Negro never can be blamed for his racial animosities - he is only reacting to 400 years of the conscious racism of the American whites.
The goal of Dr. Martin Luther King is to give Negroes a chance to sit in a segregated restaurant beside the same white man who had brutalized them for 400 years.
In the past, the greatest weapon the white man has had has been his ability to divide and conquer. If I take my hand and slap you, you don't even feel it. It might sting you because these digits are separated. But all I have to do to put you back in your place is bring those digits together.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
My Alma mater was books, a good library... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.
The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Nonviolence is fine as long as it works.
Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.
Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power.
I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence.
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color.
I'm still going to sing these songs because trap is a type of music very popular in the streets, and people want to hear it.
People should focus on my foundation, my projects, and everything positive and important that I am doing in Latin America and the around the world.
I am not gay; I don't have a relationship with Ricky Martin.
I love women.
Ricky Martin is one of my idols in the industry.
In Colombia, we have a lot of passion.
We work a lot, and we have a lot of discipline because we are really tired that people know Colombia as a violent country. We just want to change that face of the country, and the music that we're doing is the music that people want, that people love.
I started using Twitter a lot and realized I had a lot of fans. Then I saw that I can share my music on Twitter and share my YouTube videos on Twitter. That's how I knew social media was going to be a platform to show my music. That's how I started. I started with Twitter.
I was born in the technology era.
When I started my career, I saw that everybody was using Twitter.
I don't think a reggaeton song will break again like 'Gasolina' did.
I'm an urban act.
I want to take a more international direction with my career.
I loved to sing in family parties, for my friends and family. That's how I discovered my talent.
I found my voice singing pop and ballads, almost all of them Colombian artists. When I was 16, my family gave me a recording session with some Colombian producers, and that's where I started my career.
I played soccer when I was a kid. I started when I was 8 and played for 8 more years. I was pretty good. I used to train with Atletico Nacional, which is one of the most important teams in Colombia. I used to train every day.
Maluma comes from my mom, my dad and my sister's names. The first letters of my mom's name are Ma, my dad's is Lu, and my sister's is Ma.
The team at ASCAP is a genuine family, and I am proud to be part of an organization that is home to so many legendary songwriters and composers.
I was in Barcelona working with Shakira, and it was an amazing experience. She's a great artist, and I learned a lot while working with her.
It's interesting that a lot of female artists want to collaborate with me.
I'm trying to find the balance and do, like, 'Spanglish' music or some songs in Spanish and others in English or do a translation.
Of course my parents are picky about the girls I date; my parents watch out for me.
If I can't go to my parents, then my parents come to me.
Everyone knows I'm a huge fan of Chris Brown and Justin Timberlake. For me, it would be more than an honor to work with these talented musicians.
I am very happy and honored to be part of the Sony ATV family.
That connection that I have with my fans is really special, and every time, when I have moments, when I have free time, the only thing that I think about is what I'm going to post, what I'm going to say to my fans.
A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery.
In time of difficulties, we must not lose sight of our achievements.
Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
Let a hundred flowers bloom, let a hundred schools of thought contend.
Swollen in head, weak in legs, sharp in tongue but empty in belly.
Despise the enemy strategically, but take him seriously tactically.
People like me sound like a lot of big cannons.
Once all struggle is grasped, miracles are possible.
We think too small, like the frog at the bottom of the well. He thinks the sky is only as big as the top of the well. If he surfaced, he would have an entirely different view.
In waking a tiger, use a long stick.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
There is in fact no such thing as art for art's sake, art that stands above classes, art that is detached from or independent of politics. Proletarian literature and art are part of the whole proletarian revolutionary cause.
An army without culture is a dull-witted army, and a dull-witted army cannot defeat the enemy.
To read too many books is harmful.
Letting a hundred flowers blossom and a hundred schools of thought contend is the policy for promoting the progress of the arts and the sciences and a flourishing culture in our land.
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
I have witnessed the tremendous energy of the masses. On this foundation it is possible to accomplish any task whatsoever.
War can only be abolished through war, and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun.
Let a hundred flowers bloom.
I voted for you during your last election.
The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.
Fame is addictive. Money is addictive. Attention is addictive. But golf is second to none.
Be quiet, or my wife will take away your first born and make him or her work in one of her sweatshops!
My thing is music, period.
My mum always told me 95 per cent of success was partnering well.
What you see is what you get. My God, I don't have the time nor the energy to live up to some persona.
First you date the songs, and then you get engaged and then you marry them. They have to stand the test of time, because they are going to be yours for the next 20, 30, 40 years. So you had better choose right.
I just want to sing, I want to work on my music, I want to make my movies, that's all I want to do.
These opportunities don't come around too often. It's quite an honor and a privilege to be able to sit here today saying that I'm a part-owner of an NFL team.
I'm a huge sports fan.
I'm not a traditional sonero, at least not in the way they want me to be, I'm an interpreter, and I reach people in a different level.
If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
I come from a pop background, but I'm also a Puerto Rican and I do feel this music. My approach to salsa is a humble one, and I defy anybody to prove that I'm faking it.
Being Puerto Rican, born and raised on the streets of New York, you go, 'Wow, you're still friends with your ex, man? Really? That's weird.' I don't play that.
Celebrity watching and speculation is almost like a sport.
I say it every day - I'm the luckiest man on earth.
Livin' la Vida Loca' is not Latin music. It does not represent Latin music.
What Jennifer Lopez puts out, it's not Latin music.
I think in general I've never dared compose in Spanish. First of all, it is such an intricate language.
The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
People wish to learn to swim and at the same time to keep one foot on the ground.
Like everybody who is not in love, he thought one chose the person to be loved after endless deliberations and on the basis of particular qualities or advantages.
Every reader finds himself. The writer's work is merely a kind of optical instrument that makes it possible for the reader to discern what, without this book, he would perhaps never have seen in himself.
It is in moments of illness that we are compelled to recognize that we live not alone but chained to a creature of a different kingdom, whole worlds apart, who has no knowledge of us and by whom it is impossible to make ourselves understood: our body.
There is no man, however wise, who has not at some period of his youth said things, or lived in a way the consciousness of which is so unpleasant to him in later life that he would gladly, if he could, expunge it from his memory.
In theory one is aware that the earth revolves, but in practice one does not perceive it, the ground upon which one treads seems not to move, and one can live undisturbed. So it is with Time in one's life.
People can have many different kinds of pleasure. The real one is that for which they will forsake the others.
The only paradise is paradise lost.
Love is a reciprocal torture.
We must never be afraid to go too far, for truth lies beyond.
If only for the sake of elegance, I try to remain morally pure.
We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full.
It is always during a passing state of mind that we make lasting resolutions.
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way.
In a separation it is the one who is not really in love who says the more tender things.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
We are too much accustomed to attribute to a single cause that which is the product of several, and the majority of our controversies come from that.
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
We ought to do good to others as simply as a horse runs, or a bee makes honey, or a vine bears grapes season after season without thinking of the grapes it has borne.
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinions of himself than on the opinions of others.
Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Poverty is the mother of crime.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.
The universal order and the personal order are nothing but different expressions and manifestations of a common underlying principle.
Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man; but if anything is within the powers and province of man, believe that it is within your own compass also.
What springs from earth dissolves to earth again, and heaven-born things fly to their native seat.
Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain; again begin this, and thou wilt have finished.
A noble man compares and estimates himself by an idea which is higher than himself; and a mean man, by one lower than himself. The one produces aspiration; the other ambition, which is the way in which a vulgar man aspires.
Aptitude found in the understanding and is often inherited. Genius coming from reason and imagination, rarely.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Perhaps there are none more lazy, or more truly ignorant, than your everlasting readers.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts.
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child.
Orators are most vehement when their cause is weak.
The enemy is within the gates; it is with our own luxury, our own folly, our own criminality that we have to contend.
It is not by muscle, speed, or physical dexterity that great things are achieved, but by reflection, force of character, and judgment.
Of all nature's gifts to the human race, what is sweeter to a man than his children?
Cultivation to the mind is as necessary as food to the body.
Justice consists in doing no injury to men; decency in giving them no offense.
More law, less justice.
No sane man will dance.
I criticize by creation - not by finding fault.
It is foolish to tear one's hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.
The nobler a man, the harder it is for him to suspect inferiority in others.
True nobility is exempt from fear.
This is the truth: as from a fire aflame thousands of sparks come forth, even so from the Creator an infinity of beings have life and to him return again.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
Every man can tell how many goats or sheep he possesses, but not how many friends.
What is thine is mine, and all mine is thine.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
True glory takes root, and even spreads; all false pretences, like flowers, fall to the ground; nor can any counterfeit last long.
In honorable dealing you should consider what you intended, not what you said or thought.
Liberty consists in the power of doing that which is permitted by the law.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Prayer does not use up artificial energy, doesn't burn up any fossil fuel, doesn't pollute. Neither does song, neither does love, neither does the dance.
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
Every time we liberate a woman, we liberate a man.
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.
The way to do fieldwork is never to come up for air until it is all over.
The pains of childbirth were altogether different from the enveloping effects of other kinds of pain. These were pains one could follow with one's mind.
I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world.
As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost.
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.
And when our baby stirs and struggles to be born it compels humility: what we began is now its own.
We are now at a point where we must educate our children in what no one knew yesterday, and prepare our schools for what no one knows yet.
Our humanity rests upon a series of learned behaviors, woven together into patterns that are infinitely fragile and never directly inherited.
It may be necessary temporarily to accept a lesser evil, but one must never label a necessary evil as good.
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things.
One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night.
If we are to achieve a richer culture, rich in contrasting values, we must recognize the whole gamut of human potentialities, and so weave a less arbitrary social fabric, one in which each diverse human gift will find a fitting place.
The solution to adult problems tomorrow depends on large measure upon how our children grow up today.
Having two bathrooms ruined the capacity to co-operate.
We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan.
Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and important, although difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.
Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.
If you lead a country like Britain, a strong country, a country which has taken a lead in world affairs in good times and in bad, a country that is always reliable, then you have to have a touch of iron about you.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
If you want to cut your own throat, don't come to me for a bandage.
A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us.
No woman in my time will be prime minister or chancellor or foreign secretary - not the top jobs. Anyway, I wouldn't want to be prime minister; you have to give yourself 100 percent.
What Britain needs is an iron lady.
Of course it's the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.
We were told our campaign wasn't sufficiently slick. We regard that as a compliment.
I just owe almost everything to my father and it's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election.
Ought we not to ask the media to agree among themselves a voluntary code of conduct, under which they would not say or show anything which could assist the terrorists' morale or their cause while the hijack lasted.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides.
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.
Nothing is more obstinate than a fashionable consensus.
To cure the British disease with socialism was like trying to cure leukaemia with leeches.
You don't tell deliberate lies, but sometimes you have to be evasive.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'
Joy, feeling one's own value, being appreciated and loved by others, feeling useful and capable of production are all factors of enormous value for the human soul.
Personal health is related to self-control and to the worship of life in all its natural beauty - self-control bringing with it happiness, renewed youth, and long life.
To aid life, leaving it free, however, that is the basic task of the educator.
Early childhood education is the key to the betterment of society.
The child is not an empty being who owes whatever he knows to us who have filled him up with it. No, the child is the builder of man. There is no man existing who has not been formed by the child he once was.
The study of expression ought to form a part of the study of psychology, but it also comes within the province of anthropology because the habitual, life-long expressions of the face determine the wrinkles of old age, which are distinctly an anthropological characteristic.
It would be so simple to allow children, when tired of sitting, to rise, and when tired of writing, to desist, and then their bones would not be twisted.
The development of language is part of the development of the personality, for words are the natural means of expressing thoughts and establishing understanding between people.
Travel stories teach geography; insect stories lead the child into natural science; and so on. The teacher, in short, can use reading to introduce her pupils to the most varied subjects; and the moment they have been thus started, they can go on to any limit guided by the single passion for reading.
To confer the gift of drawing, we must create an eye that sees, a hand that obeys, a soul that feels; and in this task, the whole life must cooperate. In this sense, life itself is the only preparation for drawing. Once we have lived, the inner spark of vision does the rest.
One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child.
Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed.
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war.
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?
We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master.
We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being.
Now, what really makes a teacher is love for the human child; for it is love that transforms the social duty of the educator into the higher consciousness of a mission.
Observation, very general and wide-spread, has shown that small children are endowed with a special psychic nature. This shows us a new way of imparting education!
At three years of age, the child has already laid the foundations of the human personality and needs the special help of education in the school. The acquisitions he has made are such that we can say the child who enters school at three is an old man.
If education is protection to life, you will realize that it is necessary that education accompany life during its whole course.
Indeed there are powers in the small child that are far greater than is generally realized, because it is in this period that the construction, the building-up, of man takes place, for at birth, psychically speaking, there is nothing at all - zero!
The purpose of life is to obey the hidden command which ensures harmony among all and creates an ever better world. We are not created only to enjoy the world, we are created in order to evolve the cosmos.
Every one in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
We Liberals like to think our thoughts aren't controlled. We pride ourselves on our independent thinking. We know we shouldn't believe everything we read. We realize the media is skewed, we know it's owned by a small group of people, we realize it's biased, etc.
Some men know that a light touch of the tongue, running from a woman's toes to her ears, lingering in the softest way possible in various places in between, given often enough and sincerely enough, would add immeasurably to world peace.
As we become purer channels for God's light, we develop an appetite for the sweetness that is possible in this world. A miracle worker is not geared toward fighting the world that is, but toward creating the world that could be.
God exists in eternity. The only point where eternity meets time is in the present. The present is the only time there is.
We are not held back by the love we didn't receive in the past, but by the love we're not extending in the present.
In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world.
God is definitely out of the closet.
When an idea reaches critical mass there is no stopping the shift its presence will induce.
If I choose to bless another person, I will always end up feeling more blessed.
Joy, has no cost.
Miracles occur naturally as expressions of love. The real miracle is the love that inspires them. In this sense everything that comes from love is a miracle.
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure about you. We were born to manifest the glory of God that is within us.
The first step in forgiveness is the willingness to forgive.
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.
Nothing liberates our greatness like the desire to help, the desire to serve.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
If you give your life as a wholehearted response to love, then love will wholeheartedly respond to you.
We may have bad weather in Ireland, but the sun shines in the hearts of the people and that keeps us all warm.
We can always choose to perceive things differently. You can focus on what's wrong in your life, or you can focus on what's right.
Dear God, Please send to me the spirit of Your peace. Then send, dear Lord, the spirit of peace from me to all the world. Amen.
The goal of spiritual practice is full recovery, and the only thing you need to recover from is a fractured sense of self.
The spiritual path - is simply the journey of living our lives. Everyone is on a spiritual path; most people just don't know it.
Our past is a story existing only in our minds. Look, analyze, understand, and forgive. Then, as quickly as possible, chuck it.
The only work that will ultimately bring any good to any of us is the work of contributing to the healing of the world.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child.
You cannot hope to build a better world without improving the individuals. To that end, each of us must work for his own improvement and, at the same time, share a general responsibility for all humanity, our particular duty being to aid those to whom we think we can be most useful.
One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
I am among those who think that science has great beauty.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
In science, we must be interested in things, not in persons.
I was taught that the way of progress was neither swift nor easy.
I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.
A scientist in his laboratory is not a mere technician: he is also a child confronting natural phenomena that impress him as though they were fairy tales.
I have no dress except the one I wear every day. If you are going to be kind enough to give me one, please let it be practical and dark so that I can put it on afterwards to go to the laboratory.
I was only fifteen when I finished my high-school studies, always having held first rank in my class. The fatigue of growth and study compelled me to take almost a year's rest in the country. I then returned to my father in Warsaw, hoping to teach in the free schools.
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.
Unknown in Paris, I was lost in the great city, but the feeling of living there alone, taking care of myself without any aid, did not at all depress me. If sometimes I felt lonesome, my usual state of mind was one of calm and great moral satisfaction.
All my mind was centered on my studies, which, especially at the beginning, were difficult. In fact, I was insufficiently prepared to follow the physical science course at the Sorbonne, for, despite all my efforts, I had not succeeded in acquiring in Poland a preparation as complete as that of the French students following the same course.
I met Pierre Curie for the first time in the spring of the year 1894... A Polish physicist whom I knew, and who was a great admirer of Pierre Curie, one day invited us together to spend the evening with himself and his wife.
Pierre Curie came to see me and showed a simple and sincere sympathy with my student life. Soon he caught the habit of speaking to me of his dream of an existence consecrated entirely to scientific research, and he asked me to share that life.
During the year 1894, Pierre Curie wrote me letters that seem to me admirable in their form. No one of them was very long, for he had the habit of concise expression, but all were written in a spirit of sincerity and with an evident anxiety to make the one he desired as a companion know him as he was.
My experiments proved that the radiation of uranium compounds can be measured with precision under determined conditions and that this radiation is an atomic property of the element of uranium.
During the course of my research, I had had occasion to examine not only simple compounds, salts and oxides, but also a great number of minerals.
Sometimes I had to spend a whole day mixing a boiling mass with a heavy iron rod nearly as large as myself. I would be broken with fatigue at the day's end. Other days, on the contrary, the work would be a most minute and delicate fractional crystallization, in the effort to concentrate the radium.
The first experiments on the biological properties of radium were successfully made in France, with samples from our laboratory, while my husband was living.
All the seven deadly sins are man's true nature. To be greedy. To be hateful. To have lust. Of course, you have to control them, but if you're made to feel guilty for being human, then you're going to be trapped in a never-ending sin-and-repent cycle that you can't escape from.
Find out what's really out there. I never said to be like me, I say be like you and make a difference.
In the end we're all Jerry Springer Show guests, really, we just haven't been on the show.
The burden of originality is one that most people don't want to accept. They'd rather sit in front of the TV and let that tell them what they're supposed to like, what they're supposed to buy, and what they're supposed to laugh at.
When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed.
Is adult entertainment killing our children? or is killing our children entertaining our adults?
When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?
They'll see it. And it doesn't matter if they don't. It's only Rock 'n' Roll. But I do intend to move more into the Mainstream. Marilyn Manson is just the First phase.
The word 'Antichrist', to me, is the collective disbelief in god.
I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.
I never said to be like me, I say to be like you and make a difference.
A lot of people don't want to make their own decisions. They're too scared. It's much easier to be told what to do.
Anybody intelligent enough to realize what America is, is not going to sit around and do nothing about it. They're going to be the same way that I am. They're going to be the same way our fans are. They're going to be pissed.
These people are artists. These people are musicians. They're taking it out and trying to express it that way.
We live in a society of victimization, where people are much more comfortable being victimized than actually standing up for themselves.
Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.
Music is the strongest form of magic.
People tend to associate anyone who looks and behaves differently with illegal or immoral activity.
Marilyn Manson is a criticism of gimmickry, while being itself a gimmick.
My first memories of religion were being taken to Episcopal church. My father was Catholic, but my mother, I believe, was Episcopal. So I sort of veered off into the watered-down version of Catholicism.
I used to have nightmares about the Antichrist - what would happen, where it would come from, and who it would be.
To me, Satan ultimately represents rebellion.
The time that people aren't expecting what's going to happen, I find that's the best time to really cause the damage that needs to be done.
I've found a woman I can relate to. That's something - and I don't even feel sappy saying it - that, if anyone has that, don't lose it, because it's probably the only thing that you can ever really find any satisfaction from.
I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I'm out of control, and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.
It's not true I had nothing on, I had the radio on.
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.
The body is meant to be seen, not all covered up.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it.
Being a sex symbol is a heavy load to carry, especially when one is tired, hurt and bewildered.
Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul.
An actress is not a machine, but they treat you like a machine. A money machine.
Fame will go by and, so long, I've had you, fame. If it goes by, I've always known it was fickle. So at least it's something I experience, but that's not where I live.
What do I wear in bed? Why, Chanel No. 5, of course.
If I'm a star, then the people made me a star.
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time.
I'm very definitely a woman and I enjoy it.
I've never dropped anyone I believed in.
I restore myself when I'm alone.
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.
If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere.
Dreaming about being an actress, is more exciting then being one.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Patriot: the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen.
The will is a beast of burden. If God mounts it, it wishes and goes as God wills; if Satan mounts it, it wishes and goes as Satan wills; Nor can it choose its rider... the riders contend for its possession.
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say.
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.
I am afraid that the schools will prove the very gates of hell, unless they diligently labor in explaining the Holy Scriptures and engraving them in the heart of the youth.
Forgiveness is God's command.
The Lord commonly gives riches to foolish people, to whom he gives nothing else.
The God of this world is riches, pleasure and pride.
I more fear what is within me than what comes from without.
I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.
Peace is more important than all justice; and peace was not made for the sake of justice, but justice for the sake of peace.
Reason is the enemy of faith.
First I shake the whole Apple tree, that the ripest might fall. Then I climb the tree and shake each limb, and then each branch and then each twig, and then I look under each leaf.
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.
To gather with God's people in united adoration of the Father is as necessary to the Christian life as prayer.
Nothing good ever comes of violence.
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.
The fewer the words, the better the prayer.
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.
When I am angry I can pray well and preach well.
Be a sinner and sin strongly, but more strongly have faith and rejoice in Christ.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... Every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle; the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.
Nonviolence is a powerful and just weapon, which cuts without wounding and ennobles the man who wields it. It is a sword that heals.
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Whatever your life's work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better.
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.
Violence as a way of achieving racial justice is both impractical and immoral. I am not unmindful of the fact that violence often brings about momentary results. Nations have frequently won their independence in battle. But in spite of temporary victories, violence never brings permanent peace.
There comes a time when people get tired of being pushed out of the glittering sunlight of life's July and left standing amid the piercing chill of an alpine November.
We must use time creatively.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
My mother said I must always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy. That some people, unable to go to school, were more educated and more intelligent than college professors.
While I know myself as a creation of God, I am also obligated to realize and remember that everyone else and everything else are also God's creation.
The more you know of your history, the more liberated you are.
If we don't plant the right things, we will reap the wrong things. It goes without saying. And you don't have to be, you know, a brilliant biochemist and you don't have to have an IQ of 150. Just common sense tells you to be kind, ninny, fool. Be kind.
We write for the same reason that we walk, talk, climb mountains or swim the oceans - because we can. We have some impulse within us that makes us want to explain ourselves to other human beings. That's why we paint, that's why we dare to love someone - because we have the impulse to explain who we are.
You may write me down in history with your bitter, twisted lines. You may trod me in the very dirt, but still, like dust, I'll rise.
I know that when I pray, something wonderful happens. Not just to the person or persons for whom I'm praying, but also something wonderful happens to me. I'm grateful that I'm heard.
Find a beautiful piece of art. If you fall in love with Van Gogh or Matisse or John Oliver Killens, or if you fall love with the music of Coltrane, the music of Aretha Franklin, or the music of Chopin - find some beautiful art and admire it, and realize that that was created by human beings just like you, no more human, no less.
Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity of opportunity to be otherwise.
Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it.
I know for sure that loves saves me and that it is here to save us all.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
Self-pity in its early stage is as snug as a feather mattress. Only when it hardens does it become uncomfortable.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
I play to win, whether during practice or a real game. And I will not let anything get in the way of me and my competitive enthusiasm to win.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.
Sometimes, things may not go your way, but the effort should be there every single night.
My challenge when I came back was to face the young talent, dissect their games, and show them maybe that they needed to learn more about the game than just the money aspect.
There's only one Michael Jordan.
I won't have any competitive instincts in any sports, other than golf. I can't see being competitive in sports any more.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
The game is my wife. It demands loyalty and responsibility, and it gives me back fulfillment and peace.
My body could stand the crutches but my mind couldn't stand the sideline.
I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot... when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.
As athletes, we're used to reacting quickly. Here, it's 'come, stop, come, stop.' There's a lot of downtime. That's the toughest part of the day.
My heroes are and were my parents. I can't see having anyone else as my heroes.
I never thought a role model should be negative.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
My soul can find no staircase to Heaven unless it be through Earth's loveliness.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
I am still learning.
A beautiful thing never gives so much pain as does failing to hear and see it.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
Genius is eternal patience.
Good painting is the kind that looks like sculpture.
I cannot live under pressures from patrons, let alone paint.
If in my youth I had realized that the sustaining splendour of beauty of with which I was in love would one day flood back into my heart, there to ignite a flame that would torture me without end, how gladly would I have put out the light in my eyes.
If we have been pleased with life, we should not be displeased with death, since it comes from the hand of the same master.
The greatest artist has no conception which a single block of white marble does not potentially contain within its mass, but only a hand obedient to the mind can penetrate to this image.
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has.
The more the marbles wastes, the more the statue grows.
What do you despise? By this you are truly known.
What spirit is so empty and blind, that it cannot recognize the fact that the foot is more noble than the shoe, and skin more beautiful than the garment with which it is clothed?
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.
You should never view your challenges as a disadvantage. Instead, it's important for you to understand that your experience facing and overcoming adversity is actually one of your biggest advantages.
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.
There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made.
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.
We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.
I have learned that as long as I hold fast to my beliefs and values - and follow my own moral compass - then the only expectations I need to live up to are my own.
You have to stay in school. You have to. You have to go to college. You have to get your degree. Because that's the one thing people can't take away from you is your education. And it is worth the investment.
Just try new things. Don't be afraid. Step out of your comfort zones and soar, all right?
You don't have to be somebody different to be important. You're important in your own right.
When it comes to social media, there are just times I turn off the world, you know. There are just some times you have to give yourself space to be quiet, which means you've got to set those phones down.
The realities are that, you know, as a black man, you know, Barack can get shot going to the gas station, you know.
America is just downright mean.
For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction.
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.
My first job in all honesty is going to continue to be mom-in-chief. Making sure that in this transition, which will be even more of a transition for the girls... that they are settled and that they know they will continue to be the center of our universe.
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.
Exercise is really important to me - it's therapeutic. So if I'm ever feeling tense or stressed or like I'm about to have a meltdown, I'll put on my iPod and head to the gym or out on a bike ride along Lake Michigan with the girls.
Even if we give parents all the information they need and we improve school meals and build brand new supermarkets on every corner, none of that matters if when families step into a restaurant, they can't make a healthy choice.
I'm a fry lover.
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.
And let's be clear: It's not enough just to limit ads for foods that aren't healthy. It's also going to be critical to increase marketing for foods that are healthy.
Together, we can help make sure that every family that walks into a restaurant can make an easy, healthy choice.
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu. We can make portion sizes smaller and emphasize quality over quantity. And we can help create a culture - imagine this - where our kids ask for healthy options instead of resisting them.
We all need to start making some changes to how our families eat. Now, everyone loves a good Sunday dinner. Me included. And there's nothing wrong with that. The problem is when we eat Sunday dinner Monday through Saturday.
Fortunately, we have help from the media. I have to say this: I'm very grateful for the support and kindness that we've gotten. People have respected their privacy and in that way, I think, you know, no matter what people may feel about my husband's policies or what have you, they care about children and that's been good to see.
I love to hit people. I love to.
I want to rip out his heart and feed it to Lennox Lewis. I want to kill people. I want to rip their stomachs out and eat their children.
When I was in prison, I was wrapped up in all those deep books. That Tolstoy crap - people shouldn't read that stuff.
My biggest weakness is my sensitivity. I am too sensitive a person.
I'm the biggest fighter in the history of the sport. If you don't believe it, check the cash register.
People are going to say what they say. I know sometimes I say things; I offend people.
I'm just like you. I enjoy the forbidden fruits in life, too.
I feel like sometimes that I was not meant for this society.
If Jesus was here, do you think Jesus would show me any love? Do you think Jesus would love me?
I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.
When Jesus comes back, these crazy, greedy, capitalistic men are gonna kill him again.
When you see me smash somebody's skull, you enjoy it.
I try to catch them right on the tip of his nose, because I try to punch the bone into the brain.
I was hoping he would get up so I could hit him again and keep him down.
Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent.
Sometimes I put on a ski mask and dress in old clothes, go out on the streets and beg for quarters.
When I fight someone, I want to break his will. I want to take his manhood. I want to rip out his heart and show it to him.
Anyone with a grain of sense would know that if I punched my wife I would rip her head off. It's all lies. I have never laid a finger on her.
I know I'm going to blow one day. My life is doomed the way it is. I have no future.
I feel bad about my outlook, how I feel about people and society, and that I'll never be part of society the way I should.
I think I'll take a bath in his blood.
I'm not much for talking. You know what I do. I put guys in body bags when I'm right.
I've lived places these guys can't defecate in.
I'm not Mother Teresa, but I'm not Charles Manson, either.
The drug dealers, they sympathize with me. They see me as some sort of pathetic character.
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.
My belt holds my pants up, but the belt loops hold my belt up. I don't really know what's happening down there. Who is the real hero?
I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
I bought a seven-dollar pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring.
I like Kit-Kat, unless I'm with four or more people.
I would imagine that if you could understand Morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy.
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty.
I wish I could play little league now. I'd be way better than before.
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'
Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy, all day. Wearing a backpack and a turtleneck is like a weak midget trying to bring you down.
An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You should never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience.
I wish my name was Brian because maybe sometimes people would misspell my name and call me Brain. That's like a free compliment and you don't even gotta be smart to notice it.
Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.
All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me.
Bologna is a deli meat for people with eyes.
Do you think I am standing here, making this up as I go? I am sorry to disillusion you. I am not Robin Williams. I am the king of the pen.
Dogs are forever in the push up postion.
Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults.
It is the stories we don't get, the ones we miss, pass over, fail to recognize, don't pick up on, that will send us to hell.
Good thing we've still got politics in Texas - finest form of free entertainment ever invented.
As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can't drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against 'em anyway, you don't belong in office.
You can't ignore politics, no matter how much you'd like to.
Being slightly paranoid is like being slightly pregnant - it tends to get worse.
I believe in practicing prudence at least once every two or three years.
Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay attention.
Satire is traditionally the weapon of the powerless against the powerful.
The thing about democracy, beloveds, is that it is not neat, orderly, or quiet. It requires a certain relish for confusion.
I dearly love the state of Texas, but I consider that a harmless perversion on my part and discuss it only with consenting adults.
It is possible to read the history of this country as one long struggle to extend the liberties established in our Constitution to everyone in America.
I believe that ignorance is the root of all evil. And that no one knows the truth.
Behind a smoke screen of high-profile female appointees and soothing slogans, George W. Bush is waging war on women.
The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win.
Havin' fun while freedom fightin' must be one of those lunatic Texas traits we get from the water - which is known to have lithium in it - because it goes all the way back to Sam Houston, surely the most lovable, the most human, and the funniest of all the great men this country has ever produced.
Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear.
So keep fightin' for freedom and justice, beloveds, but don't you forget to have fun doin' it. Lord, let your laughter ring forth. Be outrageous, ridicule the fraidy-cats, rejoice in all the oddities that freedom can produce.
I never saw anything funnier than Texas politics.
And the funny thing is, I've always been an optimist - it's practically a congenital disorder with me.
If you really wanted to settle down the Middle East, if what you wanted was change in the Middle East, it is perfectly obvious that the first step is resolving the Israeli/Palestinian conflict.
I think provincialism is an endemic characteristic with mankind, I think everybody everywhere is provincial, but it is particularly striking with Texans, and we tend to be very Texcentric.
You look at the large problems that we face - that would be overpopulation, water shortages, global warming and AIDS, I suppose - all of that needs international cooperation to be solved.
I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious.
Some days, I'd feel better with Punxsutawney Phil in the Oval Office - at least he doesn't lie about the weather.
I spent my girlhood as a Clydesdale among thoroughbreds.
I've always had trouble with male authority figures because my father was such a martinet.
There is no crueler tyranny than that which is perpetuated under the shield of law and in the name of justice.
Useless laws weaken the necessary laws.
Religious wars are not caused by the fact that there is more than one religion, but by the spirit of intolerance... the spread of which can only be regarded as the total eclipse of human reason.
There is no one, says another, whom fortune does not visit once in his life; but when she does not find him ready to receive her, she walks in at the door, and flies out at the window.
People here argue about religion interminably, but it appears that they are competing at the same time to see who can be the least devout.
But constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as it will go.
When the legislative and executive powers are united in the same person, or in the same body of magistrates, there can be no liberty; because apprehensions may arise, lest the same monarch or senate should enact tyrannical laws, to execute them in a tyrannical manner.
Power ought to serve as a check to power.
Liberty is the right to do what the law permits.
The reason the Romans built their great paved highways was because they had such inconvenient footwear.
Author: A fool who, not content with having bored those who have lived with him, insists on tormenting generations to come.
A nation may lose its liberties in a day and not miss them in a century.
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
I have never known any distress that an hour's reading did not relieve.
To love to read is to exchange hours of ennui for hours of delight.
An author is a fool who, not content with boring those he lives with, insists on boring future generations.
Countries are well cultivated, not as they are fertile, but as they are free.
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.
The severity of the laws prevents their execution.
The spirit of moderation should also be the spirit of the lawgiver.
There is no nation so powerful, as the one that obeys its laws not from principals of fear or reason, but from passion.
Lunch kills half of Paris, supper the other half.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
Men should be bewailed at their birth, and not at their death.
It is always the adventurers who do great things, not the sovereigns of great empires.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
There must be a reason why some people can afford to live well. They must have worked for it. I only feel angry when I see waste. When I see people throwing away things that we could use.
Peace begins with a smile.
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls.
Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Being unwanted, unloved, uncared for, forgotten by everybody, I think that is a much greater hunger, a much greater poverty than the person who has nothing to eat.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Many people mistake our work for our vocation. Our vocation is the love of Jesus.
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.
Words which do not give the light of Christ increase the darkness.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Let us touch the dying, the poor, the lonely and the unwanted according to the graces we have received and let us not be ashamed or slow to do the humble work.
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
I tell everybody, I get so much because I give so much. I give freely, I give all my time, give all my money, give all of my soul. I try to motivate people. I try to inspire them.
My celebrity status allows me an opportunity, allows me a pulpit to preach and reach out to the people. Not even always preaching but just leading, motivating them by being a leader.
My mother told me, 'Son, nobody else but God knows.' And that's what I'm about - reaching out to the people, crying with them, giving them hope. Visiting the hospital, visiting the kids with cancer, visiting the adults, and stuff like that. That's what I do.
You might not have the things you want, but if you check carefully, you got all you need.
If you can't read, the only thing you can do is enjoy the pictures, not the whole story. Reading is the key to knowledge. Knowledge is the key to understanding. So read on, young man! Read on, young lady!
God is on my side, and that's all I need. I get up in the morning, I pray to God. I don't pray to the president, the governor, the mayor, no black caucus, no this and that. I pray to God, and that's the end of it.
I take a lot of pride in the work I do, because people pay to see me. They've got to get babysitters, park their car, get popcorn and candy. I've got to be conscious of that.
Basically, I wear sandals, like Jesus. When it gets cold in Chicago, the snow way up to my knees, I still wear my sandals. But that's me.
When I was old enough to change my name, I changed it to Mr. T so that the first word out of someone's mouth was 'Mister,' a sign of respect.
WWE asked me to be in the Hall of Fame, and I turned it down. You know why? They put Pete Rose in the wrestling Hall of Fame. This guy can't even get into his own Hall of Fame.
All I ever wanted to do with my life was own a little house. I did that way back with 'Rocky,' so now everything I do is just icing on the cake.
I'm a mama's boy because everything I do is with respect to my mother. I won't do a movie or a video that would bring disrespect to my mother.
You'll never have any trouble with Mr. T, I'm just a big, calm teddy bear kind of guy. Mr. T ain't ashamed to cry. When I go out and I meet people who are suffering and they come and talk to me, Mr. T cries, Mr. T who could break a man's jaw with his fist.
I don't like magic - but I have been known to make guys disappear.
I'm a Christian - I really don't believe in UFOs.
When I was little, I used to adore gold. It was something special.
I try to work out my mind more these days. I try to eat right. I don't drink, I don't smoke, and I take the skin off chicken. But I'm not on no special diet. I like my steak and potatoes, ice cream, doughnuts.
Obama's not Jesus. He can't walk on water.
I was a straight-A student. But I was a bad lad.
I'm tough when I have to be, tender when I should be. When you find a really tough guy, he's not a predator. He doesn't have to prove himself. Guys who have to pretend to be tough, they ain't. I'm tough.
Back in the day, I would wear up to 45 pounds of gold. It would take me four hours to get dressed!
When I was nine years old, living on the south side of Chicago, my father was a minister and my mother used to scrub floors. I had seven brothers and four sisters. I told my mama, 'One of these days I'm going to be big and strong and buy you a beautiful house.' That's all I've ever wanted to do with my life, is to take care of my mother.
Gold was a gift to Jesus. If it's good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
I believe in the Golden Rule - The Man with the Gold... Rules.
When I was growing up, my family was so poor we couldn't afford to pay attention.
As a kid, I got three meals a day. Oatmeal, miss-a-meal and no meal.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.
My only fault is that I don't realize how great I really am.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses - behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
I done wrestled with an alligator, I done tussled with a whale; handcuffed lightning, thrown thunder in jail; only last week, I murdered a rock, injured a stone, hospitalised a brick; I'm so mean I make medicine sick.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
I'm not the greatest; I'm the double greatest. Not only do I knock 'em out, I pick the round.
I know I got it made while the masses of black people are catchin' hell, but as long as they ain't free, I ain't free.
There are no pleasures in a fight but some of my fights have been a pleasure to win.
When you can whip any man in the world, you never know peace.
Superman don't need no seat belt.
Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even.
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents; people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you.
I am the astronaut of boxing. Joe Louis and Dempsey were just jet pilots. I'm in a world of my own.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
I am sometimes a fox and sometimes a lion. The whole secret of government lies in knowing when to be the one or the other.
There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
England is a nation of shopkeepers.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets.
He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander.
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
What is history but a fable agreed upon?
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.
The torment of precautions often exceeds the dangers to be avoided. It is sometimes better to abandon one's self to destiny.
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Procrastination is the bad habit of putting off until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
War grows out of the desire of the individual to gain advantage at the expense of his fellow man.
If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
No man is ever whipped until he quits in his own mind.
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.
Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.
Nature cannot be tricked or cheated. She will give up to you the object of your struggles only after you have paid her price.
Big pay and little responsibility are circumstances seldom found together.
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
Education comes from within; you get it by struggle and effort and thought.
The battle is all over except the 'shouting' when one knows what is wanted and has made up his mind to get it, whatever the price may be.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
I think we're going to the moon because it's in the nature of the human being to face challenges. It's by the nature of his deep inner soul... we're required to do these things just as salmon swim upstream.
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
As a boy, because I was born and raised in Ohio, about 60 miles north of Dayton, the legends of the Wrights have been in my memories as long as I can remember.
Geologists have a saying - rocks remember.
Gliders, sail planes, they're wonderful flying machines. It's the closest you can come to being a bird.
I believe that every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine running around doing exercises.
I fully expected that, by the end of the century, we would have achieved substantially more than we actually did.
I guess we all like to be recognized not for one piece of fireworks, but for the ledger of our daily work.
I was elated, ecstatic and extremely surprised that we were successful.
In much of society, research means to investigate something you do not know or understand.
It's a brilliant surface in that sunlight. The horizon seems quite close to you because the curvature is so much more pronounced than here on earth. It's an interesting place to be. I recommend it.
Pilots take no special joy in walking. Pilots like flying.
Research is creating new knowledge.
The important achievement of Apollo was demonstrating that humanity is not forever chained to this planet and our visions go rather further than that and our opportunities are unlimited.
The one thing I regret was that my work required an enormous amount of my time, and a lot of travel.
We had hundreds of thousands of people all dedicated to doing the perfect job, and I think they did about as well as anyone could ever have expected.
Well, I think we tried very hard not to be overconfident, because when you get overconfident, that's when something snaps up and bites you.
Yeah, I wasn't chosen to be first. I was just chosen to command that flight. Circumstance put me in that particular role. That wasn't planned by anyone.
If that's there, I believe that technology will probably step up to their part of it.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
Once you have an innovation culture, even those who are not scientists or engineers - poets, actors, journalists - they, as communities, embrace the meaning of what it is to be scientifically literate. They embrace the concept of an innovation culture. They vote in ways that promote it. They don't fight science and they don't fight technology.
Darwin's theory of evolution is a framework by which we understand the diversity of life on Earth. But there is no equation sitting there in Darwin's 'Origin of Species' that you apply and say, 'What is this species going to look like in 100 years or 1,000 years?' Biology isn't there yet with that kind of predictive precision.
The caricature of science is that we hold tight to the theories we have, and shun challenges to them. That's just not true. In fact, we hold our highest rewards for those scientists who can prove others wrong. And by the way, they are famous in their own lifetimes. We don't wait until they're dead.
We live on this speck called Earth - think about what you might do, today or tomorrow - and make the most of it.
We are part of this universe; we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts, is that the universe is in us.
Kids are born curious about the world. What adults primarily do in the presence of kids is unwittingly thwart the curiosity of children.
For me, the most fascinating interface is Twitter. I have odd cosmic thoughts every day and I realized I could hold them to myself or share them with people who might be interested.
All tweets are tasty. Any tweet anybody writes is tasty. So, I try to have each tweet not simply be informative, but have some outlook, some perspective that you might not otherwise had.
No one wants to die, and no one wants to die poor. These are the two fundamental truths that transcend culture, they transcend politics, they transcend economic cycles.
The urge to miniaturize electronics did not exist before the space program. I mean our grandparents had radios that was furniture in the living room. Nobody at the time was saying, 'Gee, I want to carry that in my pocket.' Which is a non-thought.
We didn't go to the moon to explore or because it was in our DNA or because we're Americans. We went because we were at war and we felt a threat.
When you innovate, you create new industries that then boost your economy. And when you create new industries and that becomes part of your culture, your jobs can't go overseas because no one else has figured out how to do it yet.
Space in general gave us GPS - that's not specifically NASA, but it's investments in space.
All the traditional STEM fields, the science, technology, engineering, and math fields, are stoked when you dream big in an agency such as NASA.
As a scientist, I want to go to Mars and back to asteroids and the Moon because I'm a scientist. But I can tell you, I'm not so naive a scientist to think that the nation might not have geopolitical reasons for going into space.
Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival.
Asteroids have us in our sight. The dinosaurs didn't have a space program, so they're not here to talk about this problem. We are, and we have the power to do something about it. I don't want to be the embarrassment of the galaxy, to have had the power to deflect an asteroid, and then not, and end up going extinct.
Science is basically an inoculation against charlatans.
There are thousands of asteroids whose orbit in the Solar System crosses that of Earth. And we have a little acronym for them - NEOs: near Earth objects. And our biggest goal is to try to catalogue them, so we know in advance if one is going to put us at risk.
There is no greater education than one that is self-driven.
Everything we do, every thought we've ever had, is produced by the human brain. But exactly how it operates remains one of the biggest unsolved mysteries, and it seems the more we probe its secrets, the more surprises we find.
For centuries, magicians have intuitively taken advantage of the inner workings of our brains.
It turns out our brain is sensitive, maybe too sensitive, to motion. It's a survival mechanism.
Computers have proved to be formidable chess players. In fact, they've beaten our top human chess champions.
I was born the same week NASA was founded, so we're the same age and feel some of the same pains, joys, and frustrations.
This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof.
It is a fool's prerogative to utter truths that no one else will speak.
We all not only could know everything. We do. We just tell ourselves we don't to make it all bearable.
A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up.
Also, I've already won all the awards.
American Gods is about 200,000 words long, and I'm sure there are words that are simply in there 'cause I like them. I know I couldn't justify each and every one of them.
As far as I'm concerned, the entire reason for becoming a writer is not having to get up in the morning.
Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort.
Great, big, serious novels always get awards. If it's a battle between a great, big, serious novel and a funny novel, the funny novel is doomed.
I don't know if proud is the right word, but I am somebody who does not, on the whole, have the highest regard for my own stuff in that when I look all I get to see are the flaws.
I loved writing a book in which, in some ways, it's very, very classical, and in some ways I'm breaking lots of rules about what you can do and what you can't do.
I started writing when I was about 20, 21 maybe.
I think of myself as a very lazy author.
I wanted to write something that would be a comedy in the sense of making people feel happier when they finish it than they did when began it.
I was always so relieved that anyone wants to publish anything I've written.
I'll agonize over sentences. Mostly because you're trying to create specific effects with sentences, and because there are a number of different voices in the book.
I'm a fairly undisciplined writer.
I'm one of those writers who tends to be really good at making outlines and sticking to them. I'm very good at doing that, but I don't like it. It sort of takes a lot of the fun out.
In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly.
Life - and I don't suppose I'm the first to make this comparison - is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.
Partly because I get such astonishingly nice fans.
Rock and roll stars have it much better than writers when they're on a tour.
So I went out and bought myself a copy of the Writer and Artist Yearbook, bought lots of magazines and got on the phone and talked to editors about ideas for stories. Pretty soon I found myself hired to do interviews and articles and went off and did them.
So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech.
The current total of countries in the world with First Amendments is one. You have guaranteed freedom of speech. Other countries don't have that.
The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before.
If you've got a problem, take it out on a drum.
Stamina is the force that drives the drumming; it's not really a sprint.
To me, drum soloing is like doing a marathon and solving equations at the same time.
I'd be very honored to be the ambassador to drum solos.
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
I don't like lyrics that are just thrown together, that were obviously written as you went along, or the song was already written and the guy made up the lyrics in five minutes.
Anytime I have an idea, I'll make sure that I put it down so that when we do sit down to write an album, I don't have to dream it all out of thin air. I don't have to be creative on the spur of the moment, or spontaneously artistic. I just take advantage of whenever creativity strikes.
Playing a three-hour Rush show is like running a marathon while solving equations.
I'm still no good at ball-and-stick games. If I go play golf with the guys, it's intended to be a joke.
It's interesting. I've known quite a few good athletes that can't begin to play a beat on the drum set. Most team sport is about the smooth fluidity of hand-eye coordination and physical grace, where drumming is much more about splitting all those things up.
It was actually drumming that gave me the stamina to get into sports later. I started playing drums at 13, and when I got to the international touring level... I got interested in cross-country skiing, long-distance swimming, bicycling... things that require stamina, not finesse.
I had spindly little ankles, and growing up in Canada, I couldn't skate. I was no good at any sports so was very much a pariah through those adolescent years.
To get nostalgic about other people's music, or even about your own, makes a terrible statement about the condition of your life and your prospects for the future. I have no patience with that kind of attitude, whether it's on radio or among friends.
The Seven Cities of Gold always fascinated me. Southwestern U.S. history especially fascinates me. The whole spur of the Spanish exploration of the Southwestern U.S. was the search for these mythical Seven Cities of Gold.
Too much attention and hoopla doesn't agree with my temperament.
Ever since I was a kid, I always wanted to play music that I liked, and even when I was in cover bands when I was a teenager we only played cover tunes that we liked. That was the simple morality that I grew up with.
Now I call myself a bleeding heart libertarian. Because I do believe in the principles of Libertarianism as an ideal - because I'm an idealist.
If it's cross-country ski season, I'll be out doing that, or snowshoeing up in Quebec. In my California home, I go to the local Y and I like doing yoga. It's been hugely beneficial to me in injury avoidance.
Performing live in front of an audience is such a matter of will - all of those things you can do just fine in your basement, suddenly you have to do them in front of hundreds or thousands of people, and it becomes a different matter entirely.
I want to be an improviser, and I've worked very hard at that. It's an art. You don't just play whatever comes into your head; you have to be very deliberate about what you do.
What is a master but a master student? And if that's true, then there's a responsibility on you to keep getting better and to explore avenues of your profession.
There's still a lot I'm angry about, a lot of human behaviour that's appalling and despicable, but you choose what you can fight against. I always thought if I could just put something in words perfectly enough, people would get the idea and it would change things.
People don't realize the limitations of 200 words, and the way they get chiselled down into a song that has to be sung.
I expect if you're a professional public speaker, you probably wouldn't want to go onstage and sing and play drums.
Extroverts never understand introverts, and it was like that in school days. I read recently that all of us can be defined in adult life by the way others perceived us in high school.
I believe in taxation and health care that is outside the usual libertarian mandate, because I don't want people to have to suffer. It's as simple as that.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership.
A good leader can engage in a debate frankly and thoroughly, knowing that at the end he and the other side must be closer, and thus emerge stronger. You don't have that idea when you are arrogant, superficial, and uninformed.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Only free men can negotiate. A prisoner cannot enter into contracts.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
I dream of an Africa which is in peace with itself.
If the United States of America or Britain is having elections, they don't ask for observers from Africa or from Asia. But when we have elections, they want observers.
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat.
Communists have always played an active role in the fight by colonial countries for their freedom, because the short-term objects of Communism would always correspond with the long-term objects of freedom movements.
Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.
I cannot conceive of Israel withdrawing if Arab states do not recognize Israel, within secure borders.
If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.
In my country we go to prison first and then become President.
Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another.
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
The wise man does at once what the fool does finally.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived.
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot.
There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.
The main foundations of every state, new states as well as ancient or composite ones, are good laws and good arms you cannot have good laws without good arms, and where there are good arms, good laws inevitably follow.
Men are so simple and so much inclined to obey immediate needs that a deceiver will never lack victims for his deceptions.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others.
A son can bear with equanimity the loss of his father, but the loss of his inheritance may drive him to despair.
Nature that framed us of four elements, warring within our breasts for regiment, doth teach us all to have aspiring minds.
The distinction between children and adults, while probably useful for some purposes, is at bottom a specious one, I feel. There are only individual egos, crazy for love.
We cannot attribute to fortune or virtue that which is achieved without either.
Before all else, be armed.
When you disarm the people, you commence to offend them and show that you distrust them either through cowardice or lack of confidence, and both of these opinions generate hatred.
The new ruler must determine all the injuries that he will need to inflict. He must inflict them once and for all.
The one who adapts his policy to the times prospers, and likewise that the one whose policy clashes with the demands of the times does not.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
The spread of civilisation may be likened to a fire; first, a feeble spark, next a flickering flame, then a mighty blaze, ever increasing in speed and power.
It seems that I have always been ahead of my time. I had to wait nineteen years before Niagara was harnessed by my system, fifteen years before the basic inventions for wireless which I gave to the world in 1893 were applied universally.
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane.
Today's scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments, and they wander off through equation after equation, and eventually build a structure which has no relation to reality.
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
From my childhood I had been intended for the clergy. This prospect hung like a dark cloud on my mind.
By an irony of fate, my first employment was as a draughtsman. I hated drawing; it was for me the very worst of annoyances. Fortunately, it was not long before I secured the position I sought, that of chief electrician to the telephone company.
Archimedes was my ideal. I admired the works of artists, but to my mind, they were only shadows and semblances. The inventor, I thought, gives to the world creations which are palpable, which live and work.
It is paradoxical, yet true, to say, that the more we know, the more ignorant we become in the absolute sense, for it is only through enlightenment that we become conscious of our limitations. Precisely one of the most gratifying results of intellectual evolution is the continuous opening up of new and greater prospects.
The harness of waterfalls is the most economical method known for drawing energy from the sun.
In a time not distant, it will be possible to flash any image formed in thought on a screen and render it visible at any place desired. The perfection of this means of reading thought will create a revolution for the better in all our social relations.
We have soon to have everywhere smoke annihilators, dust absorbers, ozonizers, sterilizers of water, air, food and clothing, and accident preventers on streets, elevated roads and in subways. It will become next to impossible to contract disease germs or get hurt in the city, and country folk will got to town to rest and get well.
Electrical science has revealed to us the true nature of light, has provided us with innumerable appliances and instruments of precision, and has thereby vastly added to the exactness of our knowledge.
Electrical science has disclosed to us the more intimate relation existing between widely different forces and phenomena and has thus led us to a more complete comprehension of Nature and its many manifestations to our senses.
If we want to reduce poverty and misery, if we want to give to every deserving individual what is needed for a safe existence of an intelligent being, we want to provide more machinery, more power. Power is our mainstay, the primary source of our many-sided energies.
With ideas it is like with dizzy heights you climb: At first they cause you discomfort and you are anxious to get down, distrustful of your own powers; but soon the remoteness of the turmoil of life and the inspiring influence of the altitude calm your blood; your step gets firm and sure and you begin to look - for dizzier heights.
Of the various branches of electrical investigation, perhaps the most interesting and immediately the most promising is that dealing with alternating currents.
As in nature, all is ebb and tide, all is wave motion, so it seems that in all branches of industry, alternating currents - electric wave motion - will have the sway.
We wind a simple ring of iron with coils; we establish the connections to the generator, and with wonder and delight we note the effects of strange forces which we bring into play, which allow us to transform, to transmit and direct energy at will.
When a coil is operated with currents of very high frequency, beautiful brush effects may be produced, even if the coil be of comparatively small dimensions. The experimenter may vary them in many ways, and, if it were nothing else, they afford a pleasing sight.
The history of science shows that theories are perishable. With every new truth that is revealed we get a better understanding of Nature and our conceptions and views are modified.
Modern science says: 'The sun is the past, the earth is the present, the moon is the future.' From an incandescent mass we have originated, and into a frozen mass we shall turn. Merciless is the law of nature, and rapidly and irresistibly we are drawn to our doom.
There is no doubt that some plant food, such as oatmeal, is more economical than meat, and superior to it in regard to both mechanical and mental performance. Such food, moreover, taxes our digestive organs decidedly less, and, in making us more contented and sociable, produces an amount of good difficult to estimate.
The scientific man does not aim at an immediate result. He does not expect that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up. His work is like that of the planter - for the future. His duty is to lay the foundation for those who are to come, and point the way.
There's no excuse for the young people not knowing who the heroes and heroines are or were.
When I was studying... there weren't any black concert pianists. My choices were intuitive, and I had the technique to do it. People have heard my music and heard the classic in it, so I have become known as a black classical pianist.
I don't like rap music at all. I don't think it's music. It's just a beat and rapping.
I think if I were over there in America, protest music would be more important. But I'm not going.
I'm a real rebel with a cause.
I think the rich are too rich and the poor are too poor. I don't think the black people are going to rise at all; I think most of them are going to die.
I think the rich will eventually have to cave in too, because the economic situation around the world is not gonna tolerate the United States being on top forever.
Greed has driven the world crazy. And I think I'm lucky that I have a place over here that I can call home.
From the beginning, it has been a no-no for a black man to touch a white woman.
Slavery has never been abolished from America's way of thinking.
Desegregation is a joke.
I would like a man now who is rich, and who can give me a boat - a sailboat. I want to own it and let him pay for it. My first love is the sea and water, not music. Music is second.
I try to swim every damn day I can, and I've learned to scuba dive and snorkel.
This may be a dream, but I'll say it anyway: I was supposed to be married last year, and I bought a gown. When I meet Nelson Mandela, I shall put on this gown and have the train of it removed and put aside, and kiss the ground that he walks on and then kiss his feet.
Jazz is a white term to define black people. My music is black classical music.
To most white people, jazz means black and jazz means dirt, and that's not what I play. I play black classical music.
Once I understood Bach's music, I wanted to be a concert pianist. Bach made me dedicate my life to music, and it was that teacher who introduced me to his world.
The worst thing about that kind of prejudice... is that while you feel hurt and angry and all the rest of it, it feeds you self-doubt. You start thinking, perhaps I am not good enough.
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important.
I flirt all the time. I like men! I don't think we can do without them.
I'll tell you what freedom is to me: no fear. I mean really, no fear!
My daughter is in more competition with me. I never wanted to be bigger than my mother or to challenge her.
The protest years were over, not just for me but for a whole generation, and in music, just like in politics, many of the greatest talents were dead or in exile, and their place was filled by third-rate imitators.
I think that the artists who don't get involved in preaching messages probably are happier - but you see, I have to live with Nina, and that is very difficult.
You feel the shame, humiliation, and anger at being just another victim of prejudice, and at the same time, there's the nagging worry that maybe... you're just no good.
I'm not a blues singer, I'm a diva.
Not one person can make or break what I'm doing, except me or God.
I will never say something I don't agree with or believe in... even if the reward is massive!
Premature certainty is the enemy of the truth.
I say that in the most humble way: I always knew that I could perform with the best of 'em and I could deliver with the best of 'em.
I'm at peace with what I'm doing, I feel good with what I wake up doing and about my lifestyle.
I think everybody's trying to get to a place in themselves where they conquer what they was afraid of; they achieve some of their life goals, kept their word about what they were trying to do.
One of my mentors schooled me on branding before it was a cliche term in the game.
The reason children accept discipline from their parents is because they know their parents love them.
If you're going to write about rap music and hip-hop, and you don't love it, then we don't need your opinion, and we revoke your opinion.
It's important to love in hip hop.
I like Cardi B!
Anybody that doesn't like Cardi B a hater!
I really am a fan of Ye's music.
I think Ye is important to hip-hop.
As an entrepreneur, as an investor, I'm trying to be as educated as I can to where the progression of technological capability is going and what it does to these different categories that, me as an artist and an influencer, I can get involved and bring value.
My mom is American, so I was raised in her household in my formative years.
I was never ignorant, as far as being experienced in classrooms and learning about different subjects and actually soaking it up, so I checked into college for a little bit. I took classes at a community college in West L.A. I took psychology, English, and philosophy.
When I first stopped going to high school, I was about 15, 16. It had to be, like, 2000, 2001.
We don't want to wait on someone to hire us and give us a check. We want to create our own opportunities.
I seen a lot of artists be hot for a minute, and then that's it, and somebody else come in.
Any time a country transitioned to a fiat currency, they collapsed. That's just world history; you don't have to know about cryptocurrency to know that.
I think that every artist - or anybody that's in business - could benefit from a direct-to-consumer strategy, so I think that that applies to us as artists and content creators, too.
I would say that the Nipsey Hussle 'Crenshaw' release was an example of All Money In creating an artificial scarcity campaign for the physical side of 'Crenshaw.'
My life is real.
I'm not in it for fame. I've been famous in the streets already.
I really love the culture of hip-hop.
A great deal of the capability of an army is its dedication to its cause and its will to fight. You can have the best equipment in the world, you can have the largest numbers in the world, but, if you're not dedicated to your cause, if you don't have the will to fight, then, you are not going to have a very good army.
I'm not proud of killing, of being responsible for the death of a single person. I never will be.
He is neither a strategist nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general. Other than that he's a great military man.
It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.
When placed in command, take charge.
War is a profane thing.
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it.
A professional soldier understands that war means killing people, war means maiming people, war means families left without fathers and mothers.
Any soldier worth his salt should be antiwar. And still there are things worth fighting for.
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.
Going to war without France is like going hunting without an accordion.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
I hate war. Absolutely, I hate war.
Good generalship is a realization that... you've got to try and figure out how to accomplish your mission with a minimum loss of human life.
Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.
Had we taken all of Iraq, we would have been like a dinosaur in the tar pit - we would still be there, and we, not the United Nations, would be bearing the costs of that occupation.
First of all, Saddam did not win the war, even though he says he did, I mean, you know, that's a joke and everybody in the world knows it.
If Saddam were to be replaced tomorrow he would probably be replaced with someone who's just as bad or worse than he is.
Particularly when you're dealing with very high ranking people, you know, you have to get their attention, they are used to, by their rank, of having their own way and doing their own thing and when it's necessary to all work together on something, sometimes you have to hit the mule between the eyes with a two by four to get its attention.
Well, unfortunately, I have always regretted the fact that I have a temper, but I also have, you know, have great love and respect for all of the people that have worked for me. I think like everything else, this is one of those things that has been blown out of proportion.
It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
I'd like to think I'm a caring human being.
I may have made my reputation as a general in the Army and I'm very proud of that. But I've always felt that I was more than one-dimensional.
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.
Repetition of the same thought or physical action develops into a habit which, repeated frequently enough, becomes an automatic reflex.
It's always too early to quit.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
You will soon break the bow if you keep it always stretched.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence.
Don't take tomorrow to bed with you.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.
Getting people to like you is merely the other side of liking them.
We tend to get what we expect.
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.
We struggle with the complexities and avoid the simplicities.
We've all heard that we have to learn from our mistakes, but I think it's more important to learn from successes. If you learn only from your mistakes, you are inclined to learn only errors.
Understanding can overcome any situation, however mysterious or insurmountable it may appear to be.
Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop the picture... Do not build up obstacles in your imagination.
There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
-1
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
I hate facts. I always say the chief end of man is to form general propositions - adding that no general proposition is worth a damn.
I like children; I like 'em, and I respect 'em. Pretty much all the honest truth-telling there is in the world is done by them.
Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they quit playing.
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a great deal longer.
Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground-floor. But if a man hasn't got plenty of good common sense, the more science he has, the worse for his patient.
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
A woman never forgets her sex. She would rather talk with a man than an angel, any day.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall.
Sweet is the scene where genial friendship plays the pleasing game of interchanging praise.
The mind of a bigot to the pupil of the eye; the more light you pour on it, the more it contracts.
A child's education should begin at least one hundred years before he is born.
The very aim and end of our institutions is just this: that we may think what we like and say what we think.
Our brains are seventy-year clocks. The Angel of Life winds them up once for all, then closes the case, and gives the key into the hand of the Angel of the Resurrection.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms. Very often it does not know what to do with genius.
Don't be 'consistent', but be simply true.
The man who is always worrying about whether or not his soul would be damned generally has a soul that isn't worth a damn.
Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have - Cincinnati sounds worse.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear.
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
My therapy has come from paying attention to my life.
The challenge of life, I have found, is to build a resume that doesn't simply tell a story about what you want to be, but it's a story about who you want to be.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.
I always knew I was destined for greatness.
I still have my feet on the ground, I just wear better shoes.
I'm black, I don't feel burdened by it and I don't think it's a huge responsibility. It's part of who I am. It does not define me.
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.
Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
No one can make the most of himself until he looks upon his life as a magnificent possibility, the materials for a great masterpiece, to mar or spoil which would be a great tragedy.
A will finds a way.
The greatest thing a man can do in this world is to make the most possible out of the stuff that has been given him. This is success, and there is no other.
Analyzing what you haven't got as well as what you have is a necessary ingredient of a career.
All who have accomplished great things have had a great aim, have fixed their gaze on a goal which was high, one which sometimes seemed impossible.
We fail to see that we can control our destiny; make ourselves do whatever is possible; make ourselves become whatever we long to be.
You cannot measure a man by his failures. You must know what use he makes of them. What did they mean to him. What did he get out of them.
The Universe is one great kindergarten for man. Everything that exists has brought with it its own peculiar lesson.
Obstacles are like wild animals. They are cowards but they will bluff you if they can. If they see you are afraid of them... they are liable to spring upon you; but if you look them squarely in the eye, they will slink out of sight.
Forests, lakes, and rivers, clouds and winds, stars and flowers, stupendous glaciers and crystal snowflakes - every form of animate or inanimate existence, leaves its impress upon the soul of man.
If you do not feel yourself growing in your work and your life broadening and deepening, if your task is not a perpetual tonic to you, you have not found your place.
No man fails who does his best.
To many a man, and sometimes to a youth, there comes the opportunity to choose between honorable competence and tainted wealth. The young man who starts out to be poor and honorable, holds in his hand one of the strongest elements of success.
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
It is what we do easily and what we like to do that we do well.
No man can be ideally successful until he has found his place. Like a locomotive he is strong on the track, but weak anywhere else.
The man who has no money is poor, but one who has nothing but money is poorer. He only is rich who can enjoy without owning; he is poor who though he has millions is covetous.
You have not found your place until all your faculties are roused, and your whole nature consents and approves of the work you are doing.
You will never succeed while smarting under the drudgery of your occupation, if you are constantly haunted with the idea that you could succeed better in something else.
Be larger than your task.
There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.
No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
I hate television. I hate it as much as peanuts. But I can't stop eating peanuts.
Race hate isn't human nature; race hate is the abandonment of human nature.
Good evening, ladies and gentleman. My name is Orson Welles. I am an actor. I am a writer. I am a producer. I am a director. I am a magician. I appear onstage and on the radio. Why are there so many of me and so few of you?
I started at the top and worked my way down.
Gluttony is not a secret vice.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
A good artist should be isolated. If he isn't isolated, something is wrong.
I do not suppose I shall be remembered for anything. But I don't think about my work in those terms. It is just as vulgar to work for the sake of posterity as to work for the sake of money.
I feel I have to protect myself against things. So I'm pretty careful to lose most of them.
I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.
I have an unfortunate personality.
I passionately hate the idea of being with it; I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.
Nobody who takes on anything big and tough can afford to be modest.
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful.
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.
When you are down and out something always turns up - and it is usually the noses of your friends.
Now I'm an old Christmas tree, the roots of which have died. They just come along and while the little needles fall off me replace them with medallions.
I don't say we all ought to misbehave, but we ought to look as if we could.
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.
Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask what's for lunch.
Movie directing is a perfect refuge for the mediocre.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
Our ambition should be to rule ourselves, the true kingdom for each one of us; and true progress is to know more, and be more, and to do more.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
If a work of art is rich and vital and complete, those who have artistic instincts will see its beauty, and those to whom ethics appeal more strongly than aesthetics will see its moral lesson. It will fill the cowardly with terror, and the unclean will see in it their own shame.
London is too full of fogs and serious people. Whether the fogs produce the serious people, or whether the serious people produce the fogs, I don't know.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.
True friends stab you in the front.
-1
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
Everything you can imagine is real.
To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic.
Painting is a blind man's profession. He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.
Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
I do not seek. I find.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.
I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
I think it's important for girls to be confident. Believe in yourself and... everybody's hot.
Life is too short to blend in.
Everything I do is blown out of proportion. It really hurts my feelings.
A true heiress is never mean to anyone - except a girl who steals your boyfriend.
I'm not the same person I was. I used to act dumb. It was an act. I am 26 years old, and that act is no longer cute. It is not who I am, nor do I want to be that person for the young girls who looked up to me. I know now that I can make a difference, that I have the power to do that.
Wal-mart... do they like make walls there?
Every woman should have four pets in her life. A mink in her closet, a jaguar in her garage, a tiger in her bed, and a jackass who pays for everything.
I don't want to be known as the granddaughter of the Hiltons. I want to be known as Paris.
It's traditional for an heiress to be raised in a sheltered way. No one thinks that's true of me, but it actually was.
No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy.
What's a soup kitchen?
This is Earth. Isn't it hot?
It will work. I am a marketing genius.
I don't really think, I just walk.
The only rule is don't be boring and dress cute wherever you go. Life is too short to blend in.
All British people have plain names, and that works pretty well over there.
You don't have to be an heiress to look like one, if you act like one then everyone will just presume you are one.
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.
I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white.
I like it, but it's yellow, and I'm like, I didn't want yellow for my engagement ring.
I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun.
There's nobody in the world like me. I think every decade has an iconic blonde, like Marilyn Monroe or Princess Diana and, right now, I'm that icon.
First I wanted to be a veterinarian. And then I realized you had to give them shots to put them to sleep, so I decided I'd just buy a bunch of animals and have them in my house instead.
I don't want to be known as the Hilton heiress, because I didn't do anything for that.
East Texas isn't known for producing quarterbacks. I was never really on the football circuit. I wasn't the type of guy that put my name out there.
I feel like, even if something goes wrong, I have confidence in myself and my team that we'll fix it.
Definitely, as a competitor, you want to get out there and play.
No one really sees pro athletes behind the scenes. They don't know how hard they work. They don't see how you work on the basics. They couldn't possibly know. You wouldn't think that someone who hits like Alex Rodriguez needs to use a tee every day. But that's how he stayed on top of it.
I didn't start playing football a lot until I was in high school. I played it in seventh and eighth grade, but I didn't play Pop Warner or anything.
Playing the scout-team quarterback in practice really helped develop my game.
You dream of your first NFL start when you're a little kid, playing football in the backyard, but until you get there, you never know what to expect.
Coach Reid is a great teacher. He understands how people learn, understands how to get people to get the concept of what the play is and why we're running it.
I was that little kid: I was the one that was looking up to athletes and getting to see them and getting to be a part of it, and I remember those experiences.
I was a good student and stuff like that.
I want to be great.
I love this game.
I've been a fan of ketchup for as long as I can remember, and the thick, rich flavor of Hunt's ketchup delivers every time.
When you play the Oakland Raiders when you're the Kansas City Chiefs, you know they're going to come out with that mentality that they're going to win. They're going to come out fighting. It's a rivalry game.
You can't have a good Thanksgiving meal without a little bit of ketchup on the side.
Any dog can be aggressive; it's basically the way they're raised.
It's not like I mean to throw no-look passes. I think it kind of happens out of instinct. As I do it, I'm like, 'Dang, I didn't even mean to do that.'
I think, as quarterback and as a football player, you always want to get better.
When you go into a game, and there's something that was drawn up the way it was supposed to be drawn up, and you missed the throw or the catch, as a receiver, it's something where you feel bad about that. You can always regret just missing it, but as a football player, you have to move on to the next play.
You see Tom Brady, you see Alex Smith, and you see all those guys in the pocket and how quick they are with their footwork and how they get the ball out fast. I have to get like that.
For me, it's always fun. You're playing football and living out your dream.
The furthest I have even thrown the ball was 85 yards. But I had a little wind at my back, so I don't claim that one.
Not a lot of people see that when you're growing up. You don't get to see that people really have to work hard to become as good as they are.
I'm close to Coach Kingsbury. He really helped my game and helped me as a person a lot. He's a genuine good person and, at the same time, a very smart football coach.
You can have the big arm, and that's good, and it helps out in the games, but it doesn't help you necessarily win games.
If you want to win games in this league, you have to be efficient.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
I am a Catholic, not so committed to the church, but to the idea of the Virgin, the female face of God.
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.
The two worst strategic mistakes to make are acting prematurely and letting an opportunity slip; to avoid this, the warrior treats each situation as if it were unique and never resorts to formulae, recipes or other people's opinions.
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.
When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help that person to realize his dream.
If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.
The wise are wise only because they love. The fool are fools only because they think they can understand love.
You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen.
Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dream.
You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one. Each day is a different one, each day brings a miracle of its own. It's just a matter of paying attention to this miracle.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Every day I try to be in communication with the universe in an unconscious way.
You should treat a muse like a fairy.
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness.
If our American way of life fails the child, it fails us all.
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.
Hunger makes a thief of any man.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
I am mentally bifocal.
We should so provide for old age that it may have no urgent wants of this world to absorb it from meditation on the next. It is awful to see the lean hands of dotage making a coffer of the grave.
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration.
Growth itself contains the germ of happiness.
The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it.
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work.
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel, but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings.
Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
Truth is always exciting. Speak it, then; life is dull without it.
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
Some are kissing mothers and some are scolding mothers, but it is love just the same, and most mothers kiss and scold together.
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame.
It may be that religion is dead, and if it is, we had better know it and set ourselves to try to discover other sources of moral strength before it is too late.
What is a neglected child? He is a child not planned for, not wanted. Neglect begins, therefore, before he is born.
We send missionaries to China so the Chinese can get to heaven, but we won't let them into our country.
I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.
None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free.
Love dies only when growth stops.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
I've come to accept that the life of a frontrunner is a hard one, that he will suffer more injuries than most men and that many of these injuries will not be accidental.
Everything is practice.
Enthusiasm is everything. It must be taut and vibrating like a guitar string.
Everybody knows my life. I won a lot of tournaments and scored more than 1,000 goals, won three World Cups but I could not play in Olympic Games.
Wherever you go, there are three icons that everyone knows: Jesus Christ, Pele and Coca-Cola.
When I was a footballer, I surrounded myself with footballers. We were all friends. But in Brasilia you don't know who your friends are. It can be a dangerous place.
Everything on earth is a game. A passing thing. We all end up dead. We all end up the same, don't we?
Of course, my father was a soccer player. He used to play very good. Then, when I was young, eight or nine years old, ten years old, I just want to be like my father.
The bicycle kick is not easy to do.
Pele doesn't die. Pele will never die. Pele is going to go on for ever.
If you don't give education to people, it is easy to manipulate them.
I represent Brazil all over the world. Wherever I go I have to do my best, to not disappoint the Brazilian people. And that I've done.
The World Cup is a very complicated tournament - six games, seven if you make it to the final - and maybe if you lose one game you're out, even if you're the best.
I sometimes lie awake at night and wonder why I am still so popular and, to be honest, I don't know.
Yes, I have a lot of business interests. But I don't work for just anyone, and I choose the companies very carefully.
Over the years I've learnt to live with two persons in my heart. One is Edson, who has fun with his friends and family; the other is the football player Pele. I didn't want the name. 'Pele' sounds like baby-talk in Portuguese.
To be a striker you need to be in good shape.
I always think that I would have become an actor if I hadn't been a soccer player.
When I was minister of sport in Brazil, I tried to bring in a law that would make the chairmen of clubs reveal their accounts like other businesses. It was turned down, but I think it is an important story that will make a good film.
No doubt, I am earning more money with my endorsements than I ever earned playing soccer.
I don't think I'm a very good businessman. I act too much with my heart.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
The level of football in England is the top. English football is the leader in the world.
A lot of people, when a guy scores a lot of goals, think, 'He's a great player', because a goal is very important, but a great player is a player who can do everything on the field. He can do assists, encourage his colleagues, give them confidence to go forward. It is someone who, when a team does not do well, becomes one of the leaders.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
The computer is a moron.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Teaching is the only major occupation of man for which we have not yet developed tools that make an average person capable of competence and performance. In teaching we rely on the 'naturals', the ones who somehow know how to teach.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes.
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
Never mind your happiness; do your duty.
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year. People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year.
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't.
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window.
Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what you've got.
No institution can possibly survive if it needs geniuses or supermen to manage it. It must be organized in such a way as to be able to get along under a leadership composed of average human beings.
Accept the fact that we have to treat almost anybody as a volunteer.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
We can say with certainty - or 90% probability - that the new industries that are about to be born will have nothing to do with information.
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
My definition of modernism took a while to develop.
And my interest in history was, and remains, very strong: what I wanted was to understand certain things better by understanding them psychoanalytically.
Every historian has informally an anthropology, without ever using the word.
My assumption is that fundamentally the picture of the human animal, as developed by Freud, is largely right.
What interests me, and has always interested me, has been modernism.
There is something very intriguing about, for example, the sense of accomplishment that a small child has, which you might be able to reduce to aggression and libido, but which might also have some independent existence.
People seem to forget that one reason they are now thinking differently is Freud's legacy itself.
To have a liberal temperament is a kind of psychological boon, To be able to understand that someone you disagree with is not just a terrible creature but somebody with whom you disagree.
I think every parent, every generation has wanted their children to do better and have a higher standard of living. But I think there's too much guilt.
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.
I'm one of those that believes you can't be one kind of a man and another kind of president.
If your neighbor has a completely different view on abortion, gay marriage, stem cell research, all of those things, you still are both Americans. Neither one of you is necessarily more patriotic than the other. Neither loves their country any more than the other one does.
The Internet is just bringing all kinds of information into the home. There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears.
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.
At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
My dad used to say, 'You wouldn't worry so much about what people thought about you if you knew how seldom they did.
You need to listen to your body because your body is listening to you.
We teach people how to treat us.
It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.
Awareness without action is worthless.
Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you.
You're only lonely if you're not there for you.
The most you get is what you ask for.
Take it from a guy: If you're in love with somebody, you will swim the stream, you will climb the mountain, you will slay the dragon. You're going to get to her somehow, some way.
There are some sick people in this world.
I think you're running into a lot of trouble if your idea of foreplay is, 'Brace yourself honey, here I come!'
The problem is that for women, the average time is just over 14 minutes... men are left with about 12 minutes during which time they need to think of something to do!
Sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the decision right.
You don't need a rope to pinch a stranger's butt.
Do you realize that you can't play the game of life with sweaty palms?
It's hard to see your own face without a mirror.
A year from now, you're gonna weigh more or less than what you do right now.
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
At the heart of every being lies creation's dream of a principle that will one day give organic form to its fragmented treasures. God is unity.
The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others.
Growing old is like being increasingly penalized for a crime you haven't committed.
In the final analysis, the questions of why bad things happen to good people transmutes itself into some very different questions, no longer asking why something happened, but asking how we will respond, what we intend to do now that it happened.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
We are one, after all, you and I, together we suffer, together exist and forever will recreate each other.
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.
He that will believe only what he can fully comprehend must have a long head or a very short creed.
The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed.
Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
Driven by the forces of love, the fragments of the world seek each other so that the world may come to being.
The profoundly 'atomic' character of the universe is visible in everyday experience, in raindrops and grains of sand, in the hosts of the living, and the multitude of stars; even in the ashes of the dead.
Historically, the stuff of the universe goes on becoming concentrated into ever more organized forms of matter.
At the extreme temperature occurring in the stars, matter can only survive in its most dissociated states. Only simple bodies exist on these incandescent stars.
The mineral world is a much more supple and mobile world than could be imagined by the science of the ancients. Vaguely analogous to the metamorphoses of living creatures, there occurs in the most solid rocks, as we now know, perpetual transformation of a mineral species.
The earth was probably born by accident; but, in accordance with one of the most general laws of evolution, scarcely had this accident happened than it was immediately made use of and recast into something naturally directed.
I am not enough of a mathematician to be able to judge either the well-foundedness or the limits of relativity in physics.
The earth's crust has not yet stopped heaving and plunging under our feet. Mountain ranges are still being thrust up on the horizon. Granites are still growing under the continental masses. Nor has the organic world ceased to produce new buds at the tips of its countless branches.
Long before the awakening of thought on earth, manifestations of cosmic energy must have been produced which have no parallel today.
From a purely positivist point of view, man is the most mysterious and disconcerting of all the objects met with by science.
Regarded zoologically, man is today an almost isolated figure in nature. In his cradle, he was less isolated.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
Science is nothing but perception.
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.
The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so.
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern.
Better a little which is well done, than a great deal imperfectly.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Whatever deceives men seems to produce a magical enchantment.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.
Man - a being in search of meaning.
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
An imbalance between rich and poor is the oldest and most fatal ailment of all republics.
It were better to have no opinion of God at all than such a one as is unworthy of him; for the one is only belief - the other contempt.
A few vices are sufficient to darken many virtues.
Neither blame or praise yourself.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Perseverance is more prevailing than violence; and many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little.
I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.
It is indeed a desirable thing to be well-descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil.
The real destroyer of the liberties of the people is he who spreads among them bounties, donations and benefits.
All men whilst they are awake are in one common world: but each of them, when he is asleep, is in a world of his own.
The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.
If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.
The wildest colts make the best horses.
Prosperity is no just scale; adversity is the only balance to weigh friends.
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.
Character is simply habit long continued.
Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself.
It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything.
When the strong box contains no more both friends and flatterers shun the door.
Medicine to produce health must examine disease; and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.
In words are seen the state of mind and character and disposition of the speaker.
Together with a culture of work, there must be a culture of leisure as gratification. To put it another way: people who work must take the time to relax, to be with their families, to enjoy themselves, read, listen to music, play a sport.
Each of us has a vision of good and of evil. We have to encourage people to move towards what they think is good... Everyone has his own idea of good and evil and must choose to follow the good and fight evil as he conceives them. That would be enough to make the world a better place.
This is important: to get to know people, listen, expand the circle of ideas. The world is crisscrossed by roads that come closer together and move apart, but the important thing is that they lead towards the Good.
We must restore hope to young people, help the old, be open to the future, spread love. Be poor among the poor. We need to include the excluded and preach peace.
In our ecclesiastical region there are priests who don't baptize the children of single mothers because they weren't conceived in the sanctity of marriage. These are today's hypocrites. Those who clericalize the church. Those who separate the people of God from salvation.
Jesus teaches us another way: Go out. Go out and share your testimony, go out and interact with your brothers, go out and share, go out and ask. Become the Word in body as well as spirit.
Politics is a noble activity. We should revalue it, practise it with vocation and a dedication that requires testimony, martyrdom, that is to die for the common good.
Find new ways to spread the word of God to every corner of the world.
It is true that going out on to the street implies the risk of accidents happening, as they would to any ordinary man or woman. But if the church stays wrapped up in itself, it will age. And if I had to choose between a wounded church that goes out on to the streets and a sick, withdrawn church, I would definitely choose the first one.
An example I often use to illustrate the reality of vanity, is this: look at the peacock; it's beautiful if you look at it from the front. But if you look at it from behind, you discover the truth... Whoever gives in to such self-absorbed vanity has huge misery hiding inside them.
Sometimes negative news does come out, but it is often exaggerated and manipulated to spread scandal. Journalists sometimes risk becoming ill from coprophilia and thus fomenting coprophagia: which is a sin that taints all men and women, that is, the tendency to focus on the negative rather than the positive aspects.
We need to avoid the spiritual sickness of a church that is wrapped up in its own world: when a church becomes like this, it grows sick.
Human rights are not only violated by terrorism, repression or assassination, but also by unfair economic structures that creates huge inequalities.
A mother defends herself with a heart filled with love before doing so with words. I wonder whether there is any love for the church in the hearts of those who pay so much attention to the scandals.
Oh, how I would like a poor Church, and for the poor.
Right now, we don't have a very good relation with creation.
Since many of you do not belong to the Catholic Church and others are non-believers, from the bottom of my heart I give this silent blessing to each and every one of you, respecting the conscience of each one of you but knowing that each one of you is a child of God.
In Europe first and now in America, elected men have taken it upon themselves to indebt their people to create an atmosphere of dependency. And why? For their own selfish need to increase their own personal power.
Once elected, the Pope is by virtue of the promise of Jesus to Peter, the Pope is preserved from the possibility of error. God would change any spend thrift politician into a responsible Pope.
Since God created the world, He also created reality.
Young people are just as attracted to the truth as they are convenience and expediency.
We all have the duty to do good.
To say that you can kill in the name of God is blasphemy.
In the Western Church to which I belong, priests cannot be married as in the Byzantine, Ukrainian, Russian or Greek Catholic Churches. In those churches, the priests can be married, but the bishops have to be celibate. They are very good priests.
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
Violence and arms can never resolve the problems of men.
Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought.
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie, for an excuse is a lie guarded.
The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others.
You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.
There are people and nations, Mother, that I would like to say to you by name. I entrust them to you in silence, I entrust them to you in the way that you know best.
Social justice cannot be attained by violence. Violence kills what it intends to create.
Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.
I kiss the soil as if I placed a kiss on the hands of a mother, for the homeland is our earthly mother. I consider it my duty to be with my compatriots in this sublime and difficult moment.
When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.
You are our dearly beloved brothers, and in a certain way, it could be said that you are our elder brothers.
I have a sweet tooth for song and music. This is my Polish sin.
The United Nations organization has proclaimed 1979 as the Year of the Child. Are the children to receive the arms race from us as a necessary inheritance?
Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song.
The vow of celibacy is a matter of keeping one's word to Christ and the Church. a duty and a proof of the priest's inner maturity; it is the expression of his personal dignity.
You are priests, not social or political leaders. Let us not be under the illusion that we are serving the Gospel through an exaggerated interest in the wide field of temporal problems.
Radical changes in world politics leave America with a heightened responsibility to be, for the world, an example of a genuinely free, democratic, just and humane society.
From now on it is only through a conscious choice and through a deliberate policy that humanity can survive.
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
Science can purify religion from error and superstition. Religion can purify science from idolatry and false absolutes.
The cemetery of the victims of human cruelty in our century is extended to include yet another vast cemetery, that of the unborn.
The question confronting the Church today is not any longer whether the man in the street can grasp a religious message, but how to employ the communications media so as to let him have the full impact of the Gospel message.
-1
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.
Trees are the earth's endless effort to speak to the listening heaven.
Age considers; youth ventures.
Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young.
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on.
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.
Nirvana is not the blowing out of the candle. It is the extinguishing of the flame because day is come.
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
Emancipation from the bondage of the soil is no freedom for the tree.
We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.
The burden of the self is lightened with I laugh at myself.
I have become my own version of an optimist. If I can't make it through one door, I'll go through another door - or I'll make a door. Something terrific will come no matter how dark the present.
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
There are no classes in life for beginners; right away you are always asked to deal with what is most difficult.
The deepest experience of the creator is feminine, for it is experience of receiving and bearing.
Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
There are quantities of human beings, but there are many more faces, for each person has several.
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.
Perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave.
Who has not sat before his own heart's curtain? It lifts: and the scenery is falling apart.
There may be good, but there are no pleasant marriages.
More belongs to marriage than four legs in a bed.
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
Believe that with your feelings and your work you are taking part in the greatest; the more strongly you cultivate this belief, the more will reality and the world go forth from it.
All the soarings of my mind begin in my blood.
Surely all art is the result of one's having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.
All emotions are pure which gather you and lift you up; that emotion is impure which seizes only one side of your being and so distorts you.
Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always.
The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things.
Spring has returned. The Earth is like a child that knows poems.
He reproduced himself with so much humble objectivity, with the unquestioning, matter of fact interest of a dog who sees himself in a mirror and thinks: there's another dog.
The only journey is the one within.
Truly to sing, that is a different breath.
Everything is blooming most recklessly; if it were voices instead of colors, there would be an unbelievable shrieking into the heart of the night.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
We are rich only through what we give, and poor only through what we refuse.
People with great gifts are easy to find, but symmetrical and balanced ones never.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
We have listened too long to the courtly Muses of Europe.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Every man is a quotation from all his ancestors.
The years teach much which the days never know.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
It is one of the beautiful compensations in this life that no one can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
People only see what they are prepared to see.
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams.
Who you are speaks so loudly I can't hear what you're saying.
Social networks do best when they tap into one of the seven deadly sins. Facebook is ego. Zynga is sloth. LinkedIn is greed.
Most often I am only interested in an idea if it's going to get hundreds of millions of users. That's the scale that I am always trying to play to.
The reason the social-networking phenomenon is something that I invested in early and massively - I led the Series A financing for Friendster; I founded a company called Socialnet in 1997; I founded LinkedIn; and I was part of the first round of financing in Facebook - it sounds trivial, but people matter.
Zynga is about fun. Fun is important. Fun is good. And to have the ability to do something fun for 10 or 15 minutes that's right at your fingertips and involves your friends, well, that's better than television in terms of social connectivity.
I won a Marshall scholarship to read philosophy at Oxford, and what I most wanted to do was strengthen public intellectual culture - I'd write books and essays to help us figure out who we wanted to be.
What makes the meaning of life is people, so you try to be good to people immediately around you and in your broader community. So a lot of my projects are about how I can affect the world in the hundreds of millions.
My belief and goal is that every professional in the world should be on a service liked LinkedIn.
If you can get better at your job, you should be an active member of LinkedIn, because LinkedIn should be connecting you to the information, insights and people to be more effective.
I actually think every individual is now an entrepreneur, whether they recognize it or not.
Everything in life has some risk, and what you have to actually learn to do is how to navigate it.
And people who take risk intelligently can usually actually make a lot more progress than people who don't.
I'm a little unusual: I'm a six-person-or-less extrovert.
Entrepreneurs are like visionaries. One of the ways they run forward is by viewing the thing they're doing as something that's going to be the whole world.
Silicon Valley is a mindset, not a location.
I get energy from one-on-one conversations most often, and I lose energy from group conversations most often.
Relatively few people should start companies.
Jeremy Stoppelman started Yelp. Max Levchin started Slide. I started LinkedIn. It was a mininova explosion of folks jumping out to doing other entrepreneurial activities.
You have to be constantly reinventing yourself and investing in the future.
MySpace is like a bar, Facebook is like the BBQ you have in your back yard with friends and family, play games, share pictures. Facebook is much better for sharing than MySpace. LinkedIn is the office, how you stay up to date, solve professional problems.
One of the challenges in networking is everybody thinks it's making cold calls to strangers. Actually, it's the people who already have strong trust relationships with you, who know you're dedicated, smart, a team player, who can help you.
Your network is the people who want to help you, and you want to help them, and that's really powerful.
As a child, I wondered often, 'Why are we? What is the meaning of life?' These questions made me realize that life is what has meaning - not just individual lives, but all of our lives.
Even by Silicon Valley standards, PayPal's vision was massively ambitious.
PayPal was disruptive, it was democratizing, and it had universal appeal. It gave power to millions and millions of individuals and reduced monopolist control from nations, banks, and other huge corporations.
Broadly, the meaning of life comes from how we interact with each other. The Internet can reconfigure space so that the right people are always next to each other.
Blitzscaling is what you do when you need to grow really, really quickly. It's the science and art of rapidly building out a company to serve a large and usually global market, with the goal of becoming the first mover at scale. This is high-impact entrepreneurship.
The senses deceive from time to time, and it is prudent never to trust wholly those who have deceived us even once.
I think; therefore I am.
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.
Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake.
An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out?
The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries.
When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable.
Common sense is the most fairly distributed thing in the world, for each one thinks he is so well-endowed with it that even those who are hardest to satisfy in all other matters are not in the habit of desiring more of it than they already have.
Illusory joy is often worth more than genuine sorrow.
Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it.
There is nothing so strange and so unbelievable that it has not been said by one philosopher or another.
Everything is self-evident.
Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems.
Travelling is almost like talking with those of other centuries.
In order to improve the mind, we ought less to learn, than to contemplate.
A state is better governed which has few laws, and those laws strictly observed.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while and watch your answers change.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
You don't want a million answers as much as you want a few forever questions. The questions are diamonds you hold in the light. Study a lifetime and you see different colors from the same jewel.
Live never to be ashamed if anything you say or do is published around the world, even if what is said is not true.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.
Jonathan is that brilliant little fire that burns within us all, that lives only for those moments when we reach perfection.
A professional writer is an amateur who didn't quit.
The theory of evolution by cumulative natural selection is the only theory we know of that is in principle capable of explaining the existence of organized complexity.
Religious fanatics want people to switch off their own minds, ignore the evidence, and blindly follow a holy book based upon private 'revelation'.
Physicists are working on the Big Bang, and one day they may or may not solve it.
I think I would abolish schools which systematically inculcate sectarian beliefs.
Biology is the study of complicated things that have the appearance of having been designed with a purpose.
There's branches of science which I don't understand; for example, physics. It could be said, I suppose, that I have faith that physicists understand it better than I do.
Natural selection will not remove ignorance from future generations.
An Internet meme is a hijacking of the original idea. Instead of mutating by random change and spreading by a form of Darwinian selection, Internet memes are altered deliberately by human creativity. There is no attempt at accuracy of copying, as with genes - and as with memes in their original version.
It is possible in medicine, even when you intend to do good, to do harm instead. That is why science thrives on actively encouraging criticism rather than stifling it.
Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility.
I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world.
Isn't it sad to go to your grave without ever wondering why you were born? Who, with such a thought, would not spring from bed, eager to resume discovering the world and rejoicing to be part of it?
What has 'theology' ever said that is of the smallest use to anybody? When has 'theology' ever said anything that is demonstrably true and is not obvious? What makes you think that 'theology' is a subject at all?
Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.
There may be fairies at the bottom of the garden. There is no evidence for it, but you can't prove that there aren't any, so shouldn't we be agnostic with respect to fairies?
A universe with a God would look quite different from a universe without one. A physics, a biology where there is a God is bound to look different. So the most basic claims of religion are scientific. Religion is a scientific theory.
But perhaps the rest of us could have separate classes in science appreciation, the wonder of science, scientific ways of thinking, and the history of scientific ideas, rather than laboratory experience.
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out.
It has become almost a cliche to remark that nobody boasts of ignorance of literature, but it is socially acceptable to boast ignorance of science and proudly claim incompetence in mathematics.
Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish.
Many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense. Beliefs might lack all supporting evidence but, we thought, if people needed a crutch for consolation, where's the harm? September 11th changed all that.
One of the things that is wrong with religion is that it teaches us to be satisfied with answers which are not really answers at all.
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.
The fact that life evolved out of nearly nothing, some 10 billion years after the universe evolved out of literally nothing, is a fact so staggering that I would be mad to attempt words to do it justice.
The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry.
I gave 'em a sword. And they stuck it in, and they twisted it with relish. And I guess if I had been in their position, I'd have done the same thing.
We cannot learn from one another until we stop shouting at one another - until we speak quietly enough so that our words can be heard as well as our voices.
Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
Defeat doesn't finish a man, quit does. A man is not finished when he's defeated. He's finished when he quits.
The Cold War isn't thawing; it is burning with a deadly heat. Communism isn't sleeping; it is, as always, plotting, scheming, working, fighting.
We are not spending the Federal Government's money, we are spending the taxpayer's money, and it must be spent n a way which guarantees his money's worth and yields the fullest possible benefit to the people being helped.
If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together.
Once you get into this great stream of history, you can't get out.
I have impeached myself by resigning.
I can see clearly now... that I was wrong in not acting more decisively and more forthrightly in dealing with Watergate.
You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job.
I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
The press is the enemy.
There will be no whitewash in the White House.
If I were to make public these tapes, containing blunt and candid remarks on many different subjects, the confidentiality of the office of the president would always be suspect.
People have got to know whether or not their president is a crook. Well, I'm not a crook. I earned everything I've got.
Unless a president can protect the privacy of the advice he gets, he cannot get the advice he needs.
My own view is that taping of conversations for historical purposes was a bad decision on the part of all the presidents. I don't think Kennedy should have done it. I don't think Johnson should have done it, and I don't think we should have done it.
I let the American people down.
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.
It's a piece of cake until you get to the top. You find you can't stop playing the game the way you've always played it.
No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.
Any lady who is first lady likes being first lady. I don't care what they say, they like it.
If an individual wants to be a leader and isn't controversial, that means he never stood for anything.
I wish I could give you a lot of advice, based on my experience of winning political debates. But I don't have that experience. My only experience is at losing them.
See that the imagination of nature is far, far greater than the imagination of man.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.
If I could explain it to the average person, it wouldn't have been worth the Nobel Prize.
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.
Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more?
The idea is to try to give all the information to help others to judge the value of your contribution; not just the information that leads to judgment in one particular direction or another.
There is a computer disease that anybody who works with computers knows about. It's a very serious disease and it interferes completely with the work. The trouble with computers is that you 'play' with them!
Scientific views end in awe and mystery, lost at the edge in uncertainty, but they appear to be so deep and so impressive that the theory that it is all arranged as a stage for God to watch man's struggle for good and evil seems inadequate.
It is in the admission of ignorance and the admission of uncertainty that there is a hope for the continuous motion of human beings in some direction that doesn't get confined, permanently blocked, as it has so many times before in various periods in the history of man.
It doesn't matter how beautiful your theory is, it doesn't matter how smart you are. If it doesn't agree with experiment, it's wrong.
Nature uses only the longest threads to weave her patterns, so that each small piece of her fabric reveals the organization of the entire tapestry.
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
Once I get on a puzzle, I can't get off.
I got a fancy reputation. During high school, every puzzle that was known to man must have come to me. Every damn, crazy conundrum that people had invented, I knew.
I don't know what's the matter with people: they don't learn by understanding; they learn by some other way - by rote, or something. Their knowledge is so fragile!
People often think I'm a faker, but I'm usually honest, in a certain way - in such a way that often nobody believes me!
First figure out why you want the students to learn the subject and what you want them to know, and the method will result more or less by common sense.
I want to marry Arline because I love her - which means I want to take care of her. That is all there is to it. I want to take care of her. I am anxious for the responsibilities and uncertainties of taking care of the girl I love.
What one fool can understand, another can.
People are always asking for the latest developments in the unification of this theory with that theory, and they don't give us a chance to tell them anything about one of the theories that we know pretty well. They always want to know things that we don't know.
Physics has a history of synthesizing many phenomena into a few theories.
Gravitation is, so far, not understandable in terms of other phenomena.
Working out another system to replace Newton's laws took a long time because phenomena at the atomic level were quite strange. One had to lose one's common sense in order to perceive what was happening at the atomic level.
Everyone carries around his own monsters.
There's a thin line between to laugh with and to laugh at.
I urge you to ask yourself just how honorable it is to preside over the abuse and suffering of animals.
I ain't no movie star, man. I'm a booty star.
Booty is just a ghetto expression, and I'm just a booty star.
I was an only child.
I was a loner and never hung out with anyone. I never had any friends.
Friends take up time, and I didn't have time.
I was kicked out of school because of my attitude. I was not assimilating. So I went to work, taking any jobs I could get.
I became a performer because it was what I enjoyed doing.
Even when I was a little kid, I always said I would be in the movies one day, and damned if I didn't make it.
Movies are movies, and I don't think any of them are going to hurt the moral fiber of America and all that nonsense.
The black groups that boycott certain films would do better to get the money together to make the films they want to see, or stay in church and leave us to our work.
I don't see myself getting married again, but if I do, it will be forever.
You work your butt off and somebody says you can't have your record played because it offends them. Tyrants are made of such stuff.
I won't talk about what it was like in prison, except to say I'm glad I'm out and that I plan never to go back and to pay my taxes every day.
I can't just say the words, do a lot of one-liners. I love each person I play; I have to be that person. I have to do him true.
There's a lot more hypocrisy than before. Racism has gone back underground.
I'm not for integration and I'm not against it.
What I am for is justice for everyone, just like it says in the Constitution.
I'm for human lib, the liberation of all people, not just black people or female people or gay people.
If I thought about it, I could be bitter, but I don't feel like being bitter. Being bitter makes you immobile, and there's too much that I still want to do.
The way I see it, the earth is going to be here after we're dead and gone. Even if it's a polluted planet, and they messed it up. Where do they go from here - to another planet so they can mess that up too?
Yes, I'm religious. God has shown me things, made certain ways clear to me.
I believe in divine forces and energies.
I believe the ability to think is blessed. If you can think about a situation, you can deal with it. The big struggle is to keep your head clear enough to think.
Science is constantly proved all the time. If we take something like any fiction, any holy book, and destroyed it, in a thousand years' time, that wouldn't come back just as it was. Whereas if we took every science book and every fact and destroyed them all, in a thousand years they'd all be back because all the same tests would be the same result.
Pol Pot - he rounded up anybody he thought was intellectual and had them executed. And how he told someone was intellectual or not was whether they wore glasses. If they're that clever, take them off when they see him coming!
The grass isn't always greener on the other side!
Where there's a will - there's a relative!
Why buy a book when you can join a library.
Look, just tell me where that lemon came from and I'll shut up and go away.
You should make something. You should bring something into the world that wasn't in the world before. It doesn't matter what it is. It doesn't matter if it's a table or a film or gardening-everyone should create. You should do something, then sit back and say, 'I did that.'
I am not a wolf in sheep's clothing, I'm a wolf in wolf's clothing.
Honor is a gift a man gives himself. You can be as good as anyone that ever lived. If you can read, you can learn everything that anyone ever learned. But you've got to want it.
There's no difference between fame and infamy now. There's a new school of professional famous people that don't do anything. They don't create anything.
The second series is always my favourite as a writer/director; you can hit the ground running... so that's fun.
What makes 'Derek' a different kind of sitcom - if it is even a sitcom - is its sincerity.
I've got re-addicted to normal people, which is the loveliest thing to write about.
Proper stupidity is fascinating.
The best script in the world doesn't work perfectly when you actually act it out. That's a law. That's a given. So you have to play with everything. And the more fun you have with it, the better the finished product.
I see my real job now as - never mind 'The Office,' 'Extras,' film career, Emmys - I want everyone in the world to know who Karl Pilkington is.
I really just want to make Karl Pilkington the new messiah.
All of my friends are oddities.
Stephen Merchant looks like a Muppet. I mean, he looks like Beaker.
Karl Pilkington has the roundest head, I think, in the world. It's not technically a deformity, but I've never seen anything quite that spherical.
Oh, let's face it: I hate everything in others.
The only thing that really depresses me is animal cruelty.
I love UFC, vigilante films, and any acts of merciless heroism.
I'm a fang-toothed, blob-nosed, slouchy slob.
Ego is hilarious - especially the vanity of a comedian. As soon as you see one start worrying about how cool he is or about how many stadiums he can fill, he stops being funny.
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors... and miss.
I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.
Political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are never basic criteria. The human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire.
A society that gets rid of all its troublemakers goes downhill.
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.
Theology is never any help; it is searching in a dark cellar at midnight for a black cat that isn't there. Theologians can persuade themselves of anything.
I don't see how an article of clothing can be indecent. A person, yes.
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy.
I never learned from a man who agreed with me.
They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday.
It's an indulgence to sit in a room and discuss your beliefs as if they were a juicy piece of gossip.
By cultivating the beautiful we scatter the seeds of heavenly flowers, as by doing good we cultivate those that belong to humanity.
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others.
No statement should be believed because it is made by an authority.
Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done.
Don't ever become a pessimist... a pessimist is correct oftener than an optimist, but an optimist has more fun, and neither can stop the march of events.
A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
For me, politeness is a sine qua non of civilization.
Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
No one can pass through life, any more than he can pass through a bit of country, without leaving tracks behind, and those tracks may often be helpful to those coming after him in finding their way.
Be Prepared... the meaning of the motto is that a scout must prepare himself by previous thinking out and practicing how to act on any accident or emergency so that he is never taken by surprise.
The spirit is there in every boy; it has to be discovered and brought to light.
Happiness doesn't come from being rich, nor merely from being successful in your career, nor by self-indulgence. One step towards happiness is to make yourself healthy and strong while you are a boy so that you can be useful and so you can enjoy life when you are a man.
A Scout is never taken by surprise; he knows exactly what to do when anything unexpected happens.
Trust should be the basis for all our moral training.
A Scout smiles and whistles under all circumstances.
The most worth-while thing is to try to put happiness into the lives of others.
If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk.
The uniform makes for brotherhood, since when universally adopted it covers up all differences of class and country.
An individual step in character training is to put responsibility on the individual.
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.
To get a hold on boys you must be their friend.
We never fail when we try to do our duty, we always fail when we neglect to do it.
The Scoutmaster teaches boys to play the game by doing so himself.
See things from the boy's point of view.
Correcting bad habits cannot be done by forbidding or punishment.
When you want a thing done, 'Don't do it yourself' is a good motto for Scoutmasters.
Apart from the fact that any hardy exercise conduces much to the training and formation of a soldier, pig-sticking tends to give a man what is called a 'stalker's eye,' but which, par excellence, is the soldier's eye.
It is often useful, if an enemy happens to see you, to pretend that you have not seen him. Or it may sometimes be useful to pretend that you have other men with you. I did this once in the Boer War when, having crept up a donga to look at a Boer fort, I was seen by the enemy, and they came out to capture me.
Football in itself is a grand game for developing a lad physically and also morally, for he learns to play with good temper and unselfishness, to play in his place and 'play the game,' and these are the best of training for any game of life.
From the boys' point of view, scouting puts them into fraternity-gangs, which is their natural organisation, whether for games, mischief, or loafing; it gives them a smart dress and equipments; it appeals to their imagination and romance; and it engages them in an active, open-air life.
The method of instruction in Scouting is that of creating in the boy the desire to learn for himself.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
God is the perfect poet.
What of soul was left, I wonder, when the kissing had to stop?
Take away love and our earth is a tomb.
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Love is energy of life.
How good is man's life, the mere living! How fit to employ all the heart and the soul and the senses forever in joy!
What I aspired to be and was not, comforts me.
Like dogs in a wheel, birds in a cage, or squirrels in a chain, ambitious men still climb and climb, with great labor, and incessant anxiety, but never reach the top.
Perhaps one has to be very old before one learns to be amused rather than shocked.
Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds?
Faultless to a fault.
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
Ambition is not what man does... but what man would do.
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
Never the time and the place and the loved one all together!
My sun sets to rise again.
You should not take a fellow eight years old and make him swear to never kiss the girls.
The moment eternal - just that and no more - When ecstasy's utmost we clutch at the core While cheeks burn, arms open, eyes shut, and lips meet!
If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best thing God invents.
That's the wise thrush; he sings each song twice over, lest you should think he never could recapture the first fine careless rapture!
I know very little about acting. I'm just an incredibly gifted faker.
Do I want to be a hero to my son? No. I would like to be a very real human being. That's hard enough.
I've always been a fella who put most of my eggs in one basket and then take a dump in the basket but I really don't know.
I think I've been lucky, being my frequent appearances on Court TV have brought to me another level than just the actor guy.
Nothing's a break for me. Not even the breaks are breaks.
The lesson is that you can still make mistakes and be forgiven.
I think you end up doing the stuff you were supposed to do at the time you were supposed to do it.
I've always just shown up and tried to figure out what's for lunch and am I going to get to play some racquetball that night.
I think that the power is the principle. The principle of moving forward, as though you have the confidence to move forward, eventually gives you confidence when you look back and see what you've done.
Acting is always a challenge.
I'm not 40 yet. I wouldn't even bother comparing myself to Chaplin.
I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. It's a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it.
But I think Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang really got that thing where, if a movie reads really funny and then has some dramatic or violent or sinister stuff in it, you can't forget that primarily it has to be even funnier than you read it or that other stuff doesn't work.
When you have a good script you're almost in more trouble than when you have a terrible script.
With a terrible script you hustle and try to make it better. But with a good script it can be trouble because you rest on your laurels, so to speak, you think it's going to translate easily.
But I will agree that I think that things happen with people in relationships, that you might have been able to enjoy Morocco, say, if you weren't getting out of a bad marriage. You know what I mean?
If you're doing a drama that has some comedic elements you can't forget that it's primarily a very serious film that has some light relief.
Look, even bad years are pretty good years I think.
I was kind of like chasing my tail and trying to do the right thing, and was a little bit stupid. Or irresponsible, which is the same thing I guess. It's just been really busy and I had a lot of great opportunities.
I think life changes every year. This is just a little more comfortable.
It's a very smart and heartfelt movie and that's why, I think, we're all drawn to it. We really showed up for this with this collective idea that it was really ambitious, but we felt we all really had something to gain from it.
Does any new parent, even if you're not a first-time parent, ever really know what to do?
I don't want to be so confident in myself.
I think that we all do heroic things, but hero is not a noun, it's a verb.
The education of a man is never completed until he dies.
What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.
I tremble for my country when I hear of confidence expressed in me. I know too well my weakness, that our only hope is in God.
I have fought against the people of the North because I believed they were seeking to wrest from the South its dearest rights. But I have never cherished toward them bitter or vindictive feelings, and I have never seen the day when I did not pray for them.
We should live, act, and say nothing to the injury of anyone. It is not only best as a matter of principle, but it is the path to peace and honor.
We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.
It is well that war is so terrible, otherwise we should grow too fond of it.
The devil's name is dullness.
I have been up to see the Congress and they do not seem to be able to do anything except to eat peanuts and chew tobacco, while my army is starving.
Never do a wrong thing to make a friend or to keep one.
I like whiskey. I always did, and that is why I never drink it.
The war... was an unnecessary condition of affairs, and might have been avoided if forebearance and wisdom had been practiced on both sides.
My chief concern is to try to be an humble, earnest Christian.
It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it.
Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character.
I think it better to do right, even if we suffer in so doing, than to incur the reproach of our consciences and posterity.
We must expect reverses, even defeats. They are sent to teach us wisdom and prudence, to call forth greater energies, and to prevent our falling into greater disasters.
Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret.
The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy.
A Union that can only be maintained by swords and bayonets has no charm for me. If the Union is dissolved and government disrupted, I shall return to my native state and share the miseries of my people, and save in defense will draw my sword on none.
You must study to be frank with the world: Frankness is the child of honesty and courage.
Say just what you mean to do on every occasion, and take it for granted you mean to do right.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.
Two such as you with such a master speed, cannot be parted nor be swept away, from one another once you are agreed, that life is only life forevermore, together wing to wing and oar to oar.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.
The best way out is always through.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, and I'll forgive Thy great big joke on me.
I hold it to be the inalienable right of anybody to go to hell in his own way.
Style is that which indicates how the writer takes himself and what he is saying. It is the mind skating circles around itself as it moves forward.
Talking is a hydrant in the yard and writing is a faucet upstairs in the house. Opening the first takes the pressure off the second.
The glory of justice and the majesty of law are created not just by the Constitution - nor by the courts - nor by the officers of the law - nor by the lawyers - but by the men and women who constitute our society - who are the protectors of the law as they are themselves protected by the law.
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total; of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.
Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, those ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.
President Kennedy's election was such an enlargement. It expanded religious freedom to include the highest office in the land. President Kennedy's administration was such an enlargement. It advanced the day when the bars of intolerance against all minority groups will be lifted, not only for the presidency, but for all aspects of our national life.
There are people in every time and every land who want to stop history in its tracks. They fear the future, mistrust the present, and invoke the security of a comfortable past which, in fact, never existed.
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
One-fifth of the people are against everything all the time.
What is objectionable, what is dangerous about extremists, is not that they are extreme, but that they are intolerant. The evil is not what they say about their cause, but what they say about their opponents.
All of us might wish at times that we lived in a more tranquil world, but we don't. And if our times are difficult and perplexing, so are they challenging and filled with opportunity.
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Let us dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world.
But suppose God is black? What if we go to Heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?
People say I am ruthless. I am not ruthless. And if I find the man who is calling me ruthless, I shall destroy him.
Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies.
I thought they'd get one of us, but Jack, after all he's been through, never worried about it I thought it would be me.
It is not enough to understand, or to see clearly. The future will be shaped in the arena of human activity, by those willing to commit their minds and their bodies to the task.
The free way of life proposes ends, but it does not prescribe means.
Ultimately, America's answer to the intolerant man is diversity, the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired.
Every society gets the kind of criminal it deserves. What is equally true is that every community gets the kind of law enforcement it insists on.
I do not run for the presidency merely to oppose any man, but to propose new policies. I run because I am convinced that this country is on a perilous course and because I have such strong feelings about what must be done, and I feel that I'm obliged to do all I can.
I have told friends and supporters who are urging me to run that I would not oppose President Johnson under any foreseeable circumstances.
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Every man has a sane spot somewhere.
Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but primarily by catchwords.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.
It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, and the eyes will take care of themselves.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last.
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
Nothing more strongly arouses our disgust than cannibalism, yet we make the same impression on Buddhists and vegetarians, for we feed on babies, though not our own.
The web, then, or the pattern, a web at once sensuous and logical, an elegant and pregnant texture: that is style, that is the foundation of the art of literature.
It is the mark of a good action that it appears inevitable in retrospect.
There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.
We must accept life for what it actually is - a challenge to our quality without which we should never know of what stuff we are made, or grow to our full stature.
If a man loves the labour of his trade, apart from any question of success or fame, the gods have called him.
All speech, written or spoken, is a dead language, until it finds a willing and prepared hearer.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Nothing like a little judicious levity.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
Everyone lives by selling something.
To become what we are capable of becoming is the only end in life.
There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.
Quiet minds cannot be perplexed or frightened but go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm.
Be sure your wisest words are those you do not say.
I have some friends, some honest friends, and honest friends are few; My pipe of briar, my open fire, A book that's not too new.
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.
No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.
Avoid extremes: be moderate In saving and in spending; An equable and easy gait Will win an easy ending.
His life, though none too long, Was never dull: Of woman, wine and song Bill had his full.
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
I have an intense dislike for artificial society. In France, one could lead a free life - to do what one wanted to do without interference or criticism from one's neighbors.
The only society I like is rough and tough, and the tougher the better. There's where you get down to bedrock and meet human people.
Write verse, not poetry. The public wants verse. If you have a talent for poetry, then don't by any means mother it, but try your hand at verse.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
The Second Amendment says we have the right to bear arms, not to bear artillery.
I left school and couldn't find acting work, so I started going to clubs where you could do stand-up. I've always improvised, and stand-up was this great release. All of a sudden, it was just me and the audience.
I used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel alone.
Being in the same room with people and creating something together is a good thing.
Carpe per diem - seize the check.
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!'
When the media ask George W. Bush a question, he answers, 'Can I use a lifeline?'
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't cope with drugs.
We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture.
You'll notice that Nancy Reagan never drinks water when Ronnie speaks.
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
Gentiles are people who eat mayonnaise for no reason.
Reality: What a concept!
Cricket is basically baseball on valium.
What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
We've had cloning in the South for years. It's called cousins.
People say satire is dead. It's not dead; it's alive and living in the White House.
I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.
I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. he told me to wear a brown tie.
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.
I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out.
At twenty a man is full of fight and hope. He wants to reform the world. When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he knows he can't.
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself.
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.
If it wasn't for pick-pockets I'd have no sex life at all.
Life is just a bowl of pits.
We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations - we're doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
I saved a girl from being attacked last night. I controlled myself.
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.
My wife is always trying to get rid of me. The other day she told me to put the garbage out. I said to her I already did. She told me to go and keep an eye on it.
A girl phoned me the other day and said... 'Come on over, there's nobody home.' I went over. Nobody was home.
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages.
I get no respect. The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
Yeah, I know I'm ugly... I said to a bartender, 'Make me a zombie.' He said 'God beat me to it.'
With me, nothing goes right. My psychiatrist said my wife and I should have sex every night. Now, we'll never see each other!
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.
While I take inspiration from the past, like most Americans, I live for the future.
There are no constraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect.
The future doesn't belong to the fainthearted; it belongs to the brave.
Politics I supposed to be the second-oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
Trust, but verify.
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face.
Republicans believe every day is the Fourth of July, but the democrats believe every day is April 15.
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.
I have wondered at times what the Ten Commandments would have looked like if Moses had run them through the US Congress.
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.
The taxpayer - that's someone who works for the federal government but doesn't have to take the civil service examination.
All the waste in a year from a nuclear power plant can be stored under a desk.
Facts are stubborn things.
Government's view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases: If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. And if it stops moving, subsidize it.
I favor the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and it must be enforced at gunpoint if necessary.
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book.
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.
Inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hit man.
Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement.
If you can keep your wits about you while all others are losing theirs, and blaming you. The world will be yours and everything in it, what's more, you'll be a man, my son.
If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone, and so hold on when there is nothing in you except the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'
Fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run.
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.
Small miseries, like small debts, hit us in so many places, and meet us at so many turns and corners, that what they want in weight, they make up in number, and render it less hazardous to stand the fire of one cannon ball, than a volley composed of such a shower of bullets.
All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They.
Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
For the female of the species is more deadly than the male.
He travels the fastest who travels alone.
I have struck a city - a real city - and they call it Chicago... I urgently desire never to see it again. It is inhabited by savages.
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.
A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke.
And that is called paying the Dane-geld; but we've proved it again and again, that if once you have paid him the Dane-geld you never get rid of the Dane.
When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier.
And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?'
A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty.
A people always ends by resembling its shadow.
Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.
Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
It may be that the satisfaction I need depends on my going away, so that when I've gone and come back, I'll find it at home.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.
I have seen the king with a face of Glory, He who is the eye and the sun of heaven, He who is the companion and healer of all beings, He who is the soul and the universe that births souls.
Why should I be unhappy? Every parcel of my being is in full bloom.
You know the value of every article of merchandise, but if you don't know the value of your own soul, it's all foolishness.
You've come to know the fortunate and the inauspicious stars, but you don't know whether you yourself are fortunate or lucky.
This is the essence of all sciences - that you should know who you will be when the Day of Reckoning arrives.
And so it is, that both the Devil and the angelic Spirit present us with objects of desire to awaken our power of choice.
There is an invisible strength within us; when it recognizes two opposing objects of desire, it grows stronger.
Woman is a ray of God. She is not that earthly beloved: she is creative, not created.
The gifts of lovers to one another are, in respect to love, nothing but forms; yet, they testify to invisible love.
May these vows and this marriage be blessed.
Beg of God the removal of envy, that God may deliver you from externals, and bestow upon you an inward occupation, which will absorb you so that your attention is not drawn away.
I have no companion but Love, no beginning, no end, no dawn. The Soul calls from within me: 'You, ignorant of the way of Love, set Me free.'
We are born of love; Love is our mother.
You left and I cried tears of blood. My sorrow grows. Its not just that You left. But when You left my eyes went with You. Now, how will I cry?
If you find the mirror of the heart dull, the rust has not been cleared from its face.
Dissents speak to a future age.
If I had any talent that God could give me, I would be a great diva.
Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.
If you're going to change things, you have to be with the people who hold the levers.
My biographers... would like to have my time at the court almost complete before they finish the book. We decided... to flip the order.
It is not women's liberation, it is women's and men's liberation.
All respect for the office of the presidency aside, I assumed that the obvious and unadulterated decline of freedom and constitutional sovereignty, not to mention the efforts to curb the power of judicial review, spoke for itself.
It is not like I have gone crazy, I just don't want to take any chances. You never know what could happen.
So that's the dissenter's hope: that they are writing not for today but for tomorrow.
We had to go on and do the work of the court and we did.
My mother told me to be a lady. And for her, that meant be your own person, be independent.
She never envisioned a legal career for me, but she did think it was very important that I be able to support myself, and I think she would be pleased to see what has become of me.
My mother told me two things constantly. One was to be a lady and the other was to be independent, and the law was something most unusual for those times because for most girls growing up in the '40s, the most important degree was not your B.A. but your M.R.S.
Who will take responsibility for raising the next generation?
Women will only have true equality when men share with them the responsibility of bringing up the next generation.
I said on the equality side of it, that it is essential to a woman's equality with man that she be the decision-maker, that her choice be controlling.
The state controlling a woman would mean denying her full autonomy and full equality.
The emphasis must be not on the right to abortion but on the right to privacy and reproductive control.
Arizona presents no specific reason for excepting capital defendants from the constitutional protections extended to defendants generally, and none is readily apparent.
I would not like to be the only woman on the court.
When police or prosecutors conceal significant exculpatory or impeaching material, we hold, it is ordinarily incumbent on the state to set the record straight.
You would have a huge statelessness problem if you don't consider a child born abroad a U.S. citizen.
Reproductive choice has to be straightened out. There will never be a woman of means without choice anymore. That just seems to me so obvious. The states that changed their abortion laws before Roe are not going to change back. So we have a policy that only affects poor women, and it can never be otherwise.
Frankly, I had thought that at the time Roe was decided, there was concern about population growth and particularly growth in populations that we don't want to have too many of.
I would not look to the U.S. Constitution if I were drafting a constitution in 2012.
I do hope that some of my dissents will one day be the law.
-1
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature.
My mind withdrew its thoughts from experience, extracting itself from the contradictory throng of sensuous images, that it might find out what that light was wherein it was bathed... And thus, with the flash of one hurried glance, it attained to the vision of That Which Is.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
The confession of evil works is the first beginning of good works.
The spiritual virtue of a sacrament is like light; although it passes among the impure, it is not polluted.
The purpose of all wars, is peace.
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God; but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.
Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
Find out how much God has given you and from it take what you need; the remainder is needed by others.
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The words printed here are concepts. You must go through the experiences.
We cannot pass our guardian angel's bounds, resigned or sullen, he will hear our sighs.
Do you wish to be great? Then begin by being. Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric? Think first about the foundations of humility. The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation.
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself.
We must never undervalue any person. The workman loves not that his work should be despised in his presence. Now God is present everywhere, and every person is His work.
The bee collects honey from flowers in such a way as to do the least damage or destruction to them, and he leaves them whole, undamaged and fresh, just as he found them.
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.
Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.
True progress quietly and persistently moves along without notice.
When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time.
Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.
Do not wish to be anything but what you are, and try to be that perfectly.
Be who you are and be that well.
While I am busy with little things, I am not required to do greater things.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Often invoke them, constantly praise them, and make good use of their help and assistance in all your temporal and spiritual affairs.
Friendships begun in this world will be taken up again, never to be broken off.
There are no galley-slaves in the royal vessel of divine love - every man works his oar voluntarily!
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.
A good discourse is that from which nothing can be retrenched without cutting into the quick.
So many have come to me that I might serve them, leaving me no time to think of myself. However, I assure you that I do feel deep down within me, God be praised.
The thoughts of those moved by natural human love are almost completely fastened on the beloved, their hearts are filled with passion for it, and their mouths full of its praises.
By turning your eyes on God in meditation, your whole soul will be filled with God. Begin all your prayers in the presence of God.
Retire at various times into the solitude of your own heart, even while outwardly engaged in discussions or transactions with others, and talk to God.
Through devotion, your family cares become more peaceful, mutual love between husband and wife becomes more sincere, the service we owe to the prince more faithful, and our work, no matter what it is, becomes more pleasant and agreeable.
To live according to the spirit is to love according to the spirit.
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
I do not paint a portrait to look like the subject, rather does the person grow to look like his portrait.
Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.
Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature. Never try to correct them. On the contrary: rationalize them, understand them thoroughly. After that, it will be possible for you to sublimate them.
The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant.
What is a television apparatus to man, who has only to shut his eyes to see the most inaccessible regions of the seen and the never seen, who has only to imagine in order to pierce through walls and cause all the planetary Baghdads of his dreams to rise from the dust.
There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad.
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
Democratic societies are unfit for the publication of such thunderous revelations as I am in the habit of making.
Take me, I am the drug; take me, I am hallucinogenic.
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.
In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it.
I had to pick myself up and get on with it, do it all over again, only even better this time.
High expectations are the key to everything.
We let folks know we're interested in them and that they're vital to us. cause they are.
I have always been driven to buck the system, to innovate, to take things beyond where they've been.
Capital isn't scarce; vision is.
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
Each Wal-Mart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community.
We're all working together; that's the secret.
The way management treats associates is exactly how the associates will treat the customers.
Loosen up, and everybody around you will loosen up.
If you love your work, you'll be out there every day trying to do it the best you possibly can, and pretty soon everybody around will catch the passion from you - like a fever.
The key to success is to get out into the store and listen to what the associates have to say.
Give ordinary folk the chance to buy the same things as rich people.
Nothing else can quite substitute for a few well-chosen, well-timed, sincere words of praise. They're absolutely free and worth a fortune.
Appreciate everything your associates do for the business.
Control your expenses better than your competition. This is where you can always find the competitive advantage.
Exceed your customer's expectations. If you do, they'll come back over and over. Give them what they want - and a little more.
You can make a lot of mistakes and still recover if you run an efficient operation. Or you can be brilliant and still go out of business if you're too inefficient.
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
If everybody is doing it one way, there's a good chance you can find your niche by going exactly in the opposite direction.
All that hullabaloo about somebody's net worth is just stupid, and it's made my life a lot more complex and difficult.
I probably have traveled and walked into more variety stores than anybody in America.
Most of us don't invent ideas. We take the best ideas from someone else.
What am I supposed to haul my dogs around in, a Rolls-Royce?
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.
Being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned.
Read over your compositions, and when you meet a passage which you think is particularly fine, strike it out.
Promise, large promise, is the soul of an advertisement.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Wine gives a man nothing... it only puts in motion what had been locked up in frost.
He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts.
Almost every man wastes part of his life attempting to display qualities which he does not possess.
Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
It is a most mortifying reflection for a man to consider what he has done, compared to what he might have done.
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.
Curiosity is one of the most permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
What is easy is seldom excellent.
A wise man is cured of ambition by ambition itself; his aim is so exalted that riches, office, fortune and favour cannot satisfy him.
The chief glory of every people arises from its authors.
To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.
A man of genius has been seldom ruined but by himself.
Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent.
There are big lines between those who play video games and those who do not. For those who don't, video games are irrelevant. They think all video games must be too difficult.
I think I can make an entirely new game experience, and if I can't do it, some other game designer will.
I wanted to make something very unique, something very different.
Well, for over a year now at my desk, a prototype program of Luigi and Mario has been running on my monitor. We've been thinking about the game, and it may be something that could work on a completely new game system.
Video games are bad for you? That's what they said about rock-n-roll.
When I create a game, I try to focus more on the emotions that the player experiences during the game play.
I try not so much to create new characters and worlds but to create new game-play experiences.
The obvious objective of video games is to entertain people by surprising them with new experiences.
I think that inside every adult is the heart of a child. We just gradually convince ourselves that we have to act more like adults.
I don't want to criticize any other designers, but I have to say that many of the people involved in this industry - directors and producers - are trying to make their games more like movies. They are longing to make movies rather than making videogames.
I always try and come up with a clear theme when I'm making a videogame.
This is the entertainment industry, so game designers have to have a creative mind and also have to be able to stand up against the marketing people at their company - otherwise they cannot be creative. There are not that many people who fit that description.
I'm very impressed that there are so many fans - not just in Japan, but here in America - that are fond of the work that I've done. I'm actually kind of embarrassed by it all.
Nintendo's philosophy is never to go the easy path; it's always to challenge ourselves and try to do something new.
I enjoy thinking about ways to create something that other people have not even thought about, something no one has managed to achieve.
To create a new standard, you have to be up for that challenge and really enjoy it.
I think everyone can enjoy games.
Japanese people have a funny habit of abbreviating names.
Of course, I have my own limits as to how much game software I can take care of at any one time.
People often say that videogames made by Western developers are somehow different in terms of taste for the players, in comparison with Japanese games. I think that means that the Western developers and Japanese developers, they are good at different fields.
Of course, when it comes to Japanese role-playing games, in any role-playing game in Japan you're supposed to collect a huge number of items, and magic, and you've got to actually combine different items together to make something really different.
I'm not saying that I'm going to retire from game development altogether.
What I really want to do is be in the forefront of game development once again myself.
I made some games, but I'm pretending like I didn't because they all turned out weird.
I don't think as a creator that I could create an experience that truly feels interactive if you don't have something to hold in your hand, if you don't have something like force feedback that you can feel from the controller.
You don't make progress by standing on the sidelines, whimpering and complaining. You make progress by implementing ideas.
Congress seems drugged and inert most of the time... its idea of meeting a problem is to hold hearings or, in extreme cases, to appoint a commission.
Of my two handicaps, being female put many more obstacles in my path than being black.
Tremendous amounts of talent are lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt.
I ran because somebody had to do it first. In this country, everybody is supposed to be able to run for president, but that has never really been true.
I have certainly met much more discrimination in terms of being a woman than being black, in the field of politics.
We must reject not only the stereotypes that others have of us but also those that we have of ourselves.
I ran for the presidency, despite hopeless odds, to demonstrate the sheer will and refusal to accept the status quo. The next time a woman runs, or a black, a Jew, or anyone from a group that the country is 'not ready' to elect to its highest office, I believe that he or she will be taken seriously from the start.
If they don't give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.
The fact is that a woman who aspires to be chairman of the board - or a member of the House - does so for exactly the same reasons as any man. Basically, these are that she thinks she can do the job, and she wants to try.
It is obvious that discrimination exists. Women do not have the opportunities that men do. And women that do not conform to the system, who try to break with the accepted patterns, are stigmatized as odd and unfeminine.
The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says: It's a girl.
There is little place in the political scheme of things for an independent, creative personality, for a fighter. Anyone who takes that role must pay a price.
The liberals in the House strongly resemble liberals I have known through the last two decades in the civil rights conflict. When it comes time to show on which side they will be counted, they excuse themselves.
I don't measure America by its achievement but by its potential.
When morality comes up against profit, it is seldom that profit loses.
At present, our country needs women's idealism and determination, perhaps more in politics than anywhere else.
Service is the rent that you pay for room on this earth.
I stand before you today to repudiate the ridiculous notion that the American people will not vote for qualified candidates simply because he is not white or because she is not a male.
I am not the candidate of Black America, although I am black and proud. I am not the candidate of the woman's movement of this country, although I am a woman and I am equally proud of that.
George Wallace for some strange, unknown reason, he liked me. George Wallace came down to Florida, and he went all over Florida, and he said to the people, 'If you all can't vote for me, don't vote for those oval-headed lizards. Vote for Shirley Chisholm!' And that crashed my votes, because they thought that I was in league with him to get votes.
I want history to remember me... not as the first black woman to have made a bid for the presidency of the United States, but as a black woman who lived in the 20th century and who dared to be herself. I want to be remembered as a catalyst for change in America.
Our representative democracy is not working because the Congress that is supposed to represent the voters does not respond to their needs. I believe the chief reason for this is that it is ruled by a small group of old men.
Mother always said that even when I was 3, I used to get the 6- and 7-year-old kids on the block and punch them and say, 'Listen to me.'
I'd like them to say that Shirley Chisholm had guts. That's how I'd like to be remembered.
America has the laws and the material resources it takes to insure justice for all its people. What it lacks is the heart, the humanity, the Christian love that it would take.
Men are more moral than they think and far more immoral than they can imagine.
The tendency to aggression is an innate, independent, instinctual disposition in man... it constitutes the powerful obstacle to culture.
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult.
Every normal person, in fact, is only normal on the average. His ego approximates to that of the psychotic in some part or other and to a greater or lesser extent.
A man should not strive to eliminate his complexes but to get into accord with them: they are legitimately what directs his conduct in the world.
The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing.
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is 'What does a woman want?'
The first human who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization.
Illusions commend themselves to us because they save us pain and allow us to enjoy pleasure instead. We must therefore accept it without complaint when they sometimes collide with a bit of reality against which they are dashed to pieces.
Neurosis is the inability to tolerate ambiguity.
A certain degree of neurosis is of inestimable value as a drive, especially to a psychologist.
Obviously one must hold oneself responsible for the evil impulses of one's dreams. In what other way can one deal with them? Unless the content of the dream rightly understood is inspired by alien spirits, it is part of my own being.
A belligerent state permits itself every such misdeed, every such act of violence, as would disgrace the individual.
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind.
The doctor should be opaque to his patients and, like a mirror, should show them nothing but what is shown to him.
America is a mistake, a giant mistake.
What progress we are making. In the Middle Ages they would have burned me. Now they are content with burning my books.
It is impossible to overlook the extent to which civilization is built upon a renunciation of instinct.
Just as a cautious businessman avoids investing all his capital in one concern, so wisdom would probably admonish us also not to anticipate all our happiness from one quarter alone.
The goal of all life is death.
Men are strong so long as they represent a strong idea they become powerless when they oppose it.
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection.
Good listeners have a huge advantage. For one, when they engage in conversation, they make people 'feel' heard. They 'feel' that someone really understands their wants, needs and desires. And for good reason; a good listener does care to understand.
I try to find, celebrate and teach leaders how to build platforms that will inspire others.
In the 1980s America reacted to the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan. We supported a war that left a nation torn to pieces. And as the last Soviet tank left the country, so did we.
We live in times of high stress. Messages that are simple, messages that are inspiring, messages that are life-affirming, are a welcome break from our real lives.
When you explain to people what you're trying to do, as opposed to just making demands or delegating tasks, you can build instant trust, even if it's just for that short time you're on the phone.
The trick to balance is to not make sacrificing important things become the norm.
I have been inspired by Martin Luther King and how he inspired a movement. I have learned that a cause must be organic; if it is to have an impact it must belong to those who join the movement and not those who lead it.
The big picture doesn't just come from distance; it also comes from time.
I couldn't understand why my productivity went down when I had deliberately made more time available to write. Then I realized it was because I wasn't flying as much.
Directions are instructions given to explain how. Direction is a vision offered to explain why.
Though we may have desires or bold goals, for whatever reason, most of us don't think we can achieve something beyond what we're qualified to achieve. Why, I ask, do we let reality interfere with our dreams?
There is no decision that we can make that doesn't come with some sort of balance or sacrifice.
If you can clearly articulate the dream or the goal, start.
There are two types of claims: those based on hard numbers and those based on slippery numbers.
All the great organizations in the world, all have a sense of why that organization does what it does.
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they'll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood, sweat, and tears.
People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it.
Whether individuals or organisations, we follow those who lead not because we have to, but because we want to. We follow those who lead not for them, but for ourselves.
In the military, they give medals for people who are willing to sacrifice themselves so that others may survive. In business, we give bonuses to people who sacrifice others.
Great leaders are willing to sacrifice the numbers to save the people. Poor leaders sacrifice the people to save the numbers.
Leaders who fail are the ones who do it by themselves. Leaders who succeed are the ones who allow others to help them.
Bad leaders believe that they have to project control at all times.
No matter how many or how few people you have reporting to you, you must remember that as you climb higher in the ranks, your words will be taken as commands even if you're just thinking out loud.
Leadership is absolutely about inspiring action, but it is also about guarding against mis-action.
Anyone who achieves any kind of success, however you want to define it, sometimes can't let go of it.
Over 90% of people go home at the end of the day feeling unfulfilled by their work, and I won't stop working until that statistic is reversed - until over 90% of people go home and can honestly say, 'I love what I do.'
Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children.
The earth has received the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love.
He put in your heart certain wishes and plans; in my heart, he put other different desires.
In my early days, I was eager to learn and to do things, and therefore I learned quickly.
Each man is good in the sight of the Great Spirit.
It is not necessary for eagles to be crows.
Now that we are poor, we are free. No white man controls our footsteps.
If we must die, we die defending our rights.
What white man can say I never stole his land or a penny of his money? Yet they say that I am a thief.
What white woman, however lonely, was ever captive or insulted by me? Yet they say I am a bad Indian.
What white man has ever seen me drunk? Who has ever come to me hungry and left me unfed? Who has seen me beat my wives or abuse my children? What law have I broken?
Is it wrong for me to love my own? Is it wicked for me because my skin is red? Because I am Sioux? Because I was born where my father lived? Because I would die for my people and my country?
God made me an Indian.
I want to tell you that if the Great Spirit had chosen anyone to be the chief of this country, it is myself.
When I was a boy, the Sioux owned the world. The sun rose and set on their land; they sent ten thousand men to battle. Where are the warriors today? Who slew them? Where are our lands? Who owns them?
You think I am a fool, but you are a greater fool than I am.
If the Great Spirit had desired me to be a white man, he would have made me so in the first place.
I was very sorry when I found out that your intentions were good and not what I supposed they were.
Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
Every seed is awakened, and all animal life.
It is through this mysterious power that we too have our being, and we therefore yield to our neighbors, even to our animal neighbors, the same right as ourselves to inhabit this vast land.
Strangely enough, they have a mind to till the soil, and the love of possessions is a disease in them.
This nation is like a spring freshet; it overruns its banks and destroys all who are in its path.
Only seven years ago we made a treaty by which we were assured that the buffalo country should be left to us forever. Now they threaten to take that from us also.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
A system of morality which is based on relative emotional values is a mere illusion, a thoroughly vulgar conception which has nothing sound in it and nothing true.
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.
I was really too honest a man to be a politician and live.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected.
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud.
When a man has lost all happiness, he's not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.
Wisdom outweighs any wealth.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
There is a point at which even justice does injury.
If we are to keep our democracy, there must be one commandment: 'Thou shalt not ration justice.'
Without labor nothing prospers.
No enemy is worse than bad advice.
Reason is God's crowning gift to man.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love.
For the dead there are no more toils.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
There is no witness so terrible and no accuser so powerful as conscience which dwells within us.
To be doing good deeds is man's most glorious task.
There is no sense in crying over spilt milk. Why bewail what is done and cannot be recalled?
The dice of Zeus always fall luckily.
In a just cause the weak will beat the strong.
The gods plant reason in mankind, of all good gifts the highest.
Since boredom advances and boredom is the root of all evil, no wonder, then, that the world goes backwards, that evil spreads. This can be traced back to the very beginning of the world. The gods were bored; therefore they created human beings.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
Don't forget to love yourself.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself.
Trouble is the common denominator of living. It is the great equalizer.
It was completely fruitless to quarrel with the world, whereas the quarrel with oneself was occasionally fruitful and always, she had to admit, interesting.
One can advise comfortably from a safe port.
There is nothing with which every man is so afraid as getting to know how enormously much he is capable of doing and becoming.
During the first period of a man's life the greatest danger is not to take the risk.
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.
At the bottom of enmity between strangers lies indifference.
I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations - one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it - you will regret both.
I feel as if I were a piece in a game of chess, when my opponent says of it: That piece cannot be moved.
Listen to the cry of a woman in labor at the hour of giving birth - look at the dying man's struggle at his last extremity, and then tell me whether something that begins and ends thus could be intended for enjoyment.
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift; in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.
It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey.
Boredom is the root of all evil - the despairing refusal to be oneself.
People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human; they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something.
Concepts, like individuals, have their histories and are just as incapable of withstanding the ravages of time as are individuals. But in and through all this they retain a kind of homesickness for the scenes of their childhood.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
It is not enough for us to restrain from doing evil, unless we shall also do good.
Virginity can be lost by a thought.
Being over seventy is like being engaged in a war. All our friends are going or gone and we survive amongst the dead and the dying as on a battlefield.
Action without a name, a 'who' attached to it, is meaningless.
Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
The scars of others should teach us caution.
Be ever engaged, so that whenever the devil calls he may find you occupied.
Catch, then, O catch the transient hour; Improve each moment as it flies!
Haste is of the Devil.
Let your daughter have first of all the book of Psalms for holiness of heart, and be instructed in the Proverbs of Solomon for her godly life.
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
What good is speed if the brain has oozed out on the way.
Why do you not practice what you preach.
Love is not to be purchased, and affection has no price.
A friend is long sought, hardly found, and with difficulty kept.
My native land is a slave of heathenism, men's god is their belly, and they live only for the present. The richer a man, the holier.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
I believe in Coach Louis Wong. He is so much more than just a football coach.
Stop setting goals. Goals are pure fantasy unless you have a specific plan to achieve them.
Synergy is what happens when one plus one equals ten or a hundred or even a thousand! It's the profound result when two or more respectful human beings determine to go beyond their preconceived ideas to meet a great challenge.
Just as we develop our physical muscles through overcoming opposition - such as lifting weights - we develop our character muscles by overcoming challenges and adversity.
Your most important work is always ahead of you, never behind you.
Synergy is better than my way or your way. It's our way.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing.
A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Public behavior is merely private character writ large.
Our character is basically a composite of our habits. Because they are consistent, often unconcious patterns, they constantly, daily, express our character.
It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.
Life is not accumulation, it is about contribution.
The key is taking responsibility and initiative, deciding what your life is about and prioritizing your life around the most important things.
When you really listen to another person from their point of view, and reflect back to them that understanding, it's like giving them emotional oxygen.
Instead, I have an abundance mentality: When people are genuinely happy at the successes of others, the pie gets larger.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.
We are in danger of destroying ourselves by our greed and stupidity. We cannot remain looking inwards at ourselves on a small and increasingly polluted and overcrowded planet.
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics.
I am just a child who has never grown up. I still keep asking these 'how' and 'why' questions. Occasionally, I find an answer.
In less than a hundred years, we have found a new way to think of ourselves. From sitting at the center of the universe, we now find ourselves orbiting an average-sized sun, which is just one of millions of stars in our own Milky Way galaxy.
If you believe in science, like I do, you believe that there are certain laws that are always obeyed.
The past, like the future, is indefinite and exists only as a spectrum of possibilities.
We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.
I would like nuclear fusion to become a practical power source. It would provide an inexhaustible supply of energy, without pollution or global warming.
To confine our attention to terrestrial matters would be to limit the human spirit.
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.
Not only does God play dice, but... he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.
There are grounds for cautious optimism that we may now be near the end ofthe search for the ultimate laws of nature.
The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.
Someone told me that each equation I included in the book would halve the sales.
It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.
One cannot really argue with a mathematical theorem.
God not only plays dice, He also sometimes throws the dice where they cannot be seen.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
You have to stay faithful to what you're working on.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
You can't deny laughter; when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.'
People want to know why I do this, why I write such gross stuff. I like to tell them I have the heart of a small boy... and I keep it in a jar on my desk.
When asked, 'How do you write?' I invariably answer, 'one word at a time.'
It's better to be good than evil, but one achieves goodness at a terrific cost.
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and fries.
The devil's voice is sweet to hear.
The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more than living size when they are brought out.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
No, it's not a very good story - its author was too busy listening to other voices to listen as closely as he should have to the one coming from inside.
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.
Each life makes its own immitation of immortality.
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there... and still on your feet.
I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital, and cried. I knew that my IQ had been damaged.
If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write.
Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.
I love the movies, and when I go to see a movie that's been made from one of my books, I know that it isn't going to be exactly like my novel because a lot of other people have interpreted it. But I also know it has an idea that I'll like because that idea occurred to me, and I spent a year, or a year and a half of my life working on it.
A person has to remember that the road to success is always under construction. You have to get that through your head. That it is not easy becoming successful.
I'm a comedian first. I've learned how to act. I just draw on life experiences and that's how I've learned. I didn't take classes or anything. I don't need no classroom.
Comedians walk out, get a feel for the crowd. If it's not going good, we change directions. If we got to drag your momma into this thing, we will. Whatever we got to do.
I don't want to be 60 years old standing on stage telling some jokes. I want my life to mean something.
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.
My mother raised me in the church. I was not allowed to stay home on Sunday; there was no option. I sang in the choir all the way up until I went to college.
Hollywood is run by people who sit up in their executive office, who are not connected to Mississippi, Alabama, Chicago, South Carolina. They know nothing about that, they don't go to church, and they make their decisions about what they think is right.
I have seen some crazy people do some crazy things on my variety show. I have to stop and ask them a lot of the time, just how they figured out that they could do the things that they do, some of it is just plain freaky.
Being on a comedy tour is like traveling with family, everyone is all having a great time... then all of a sudden it turns sour. One thing gets said out of turn, and everyone is on everyone's last nerve. After an hour of silence, we all start laughing about it.
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.
I'm not really a relationship expert but... I'm an expert on manhood and what men think.
Other than my foundation - mentoring programs - everything I do is for money.
If a man loves you... he's willing to profess it. He'll give you a title after a while. You're going to be his lady, his woman, his fiancee, his wife, his baby's mama, something.
Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted.
The problem is, women have stopped setting the bar high.
I'm not a relationship expert. I'm an expert on manhood.
How can smart women be so stupid about men sometimes? Lack of knowledge. It's what men have kept secret for so long.
A guy that's really serious about you, he's gotta be talking to you, he's gotta want to have one-on-one, in-your-face interaction. That's how we are.
Women are the real reason we get up every day. I'm talking about real men. If there were no women, I would not even have to bathe, because why would I care? These are guys I'm hanging with. I wake up for a woman every day of my life to make it happen for her.
All I knew growing up was that my father was married to and loved my momma, period. He worked hard, made some money, and put it on the dresser. She spent it on the family, and he went out and earned some more. He taught me the most about love.
I don't rehearse on either of my shows, 'Family Feud' or my talk show. I never rehearse with the guests. I don't want to have any preconceived thoughts, notions, because that kills my creativity as a host and as a stand up.
The best timed joke or the best timed phrase comes at spontaneous moments and just relies on me as the host to be very quick, and that's what I do.
I don't have 'The Jerry Springer Show'. I just got 'Family Feud', but some of them families, when they lose, man, they have some real conversations with each other back behind that wall, but I've never been involved in any of them.
There's a lot more to me than just funny.
I'm not a doctor. I just have a tremendous amount of common sense.
I never saw myself not being a stand-up. That was my plan.
I believe that education is all about being excited about something. Seeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message.
I am optimistic globally. So many scientists are working frantically on the reparation of our planet.
Every cent we earn from Crocodile Hunter goes straight back into conservation. Every single cent.
Where I live if someone gives you a hug it's from the heart.
Crikey means gee whiz, wow!
I bled a lot. I got hit across the face. We couldn't film for seven days. I got hit, whacked, underwater, across the face. I finished the shot, got into the boat and blood started coming out.
When I talk to the camera, mate, it's not like I'm talking to the camera, I'm talking to you because I want to whip you around and plunk you right there with me.
My belief is that what comes across on the television is a capture of my enthusiasm and my passion for wildlife.
Since I was a boy, from this house, I was out rescuing crocodiles and snakes. My mum and dad were very passionate about that and, I was lucky enough to go along.
The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.
So now what happens is the cameras follow me around and capture exactly what I've been doing since I was a boy. Only now we have a team of, you know, like 73 of us, and it's gone beyond that.
We've evolved from sitting back on our tripods and shooting wildlife films like they have been shot historically, which doesn't work for us.
My field is with apex predators, hence your crocodiles, your snakes, your spiders.
Take the crocodile, for example, my favorite animal. There are 23 species. Seventeen of those species are rare or endangered. They're on the way out, no matter what anyone does or says, you know.
So, my tactic with conservation of apex predators is to get people excited and take them to where they live.
Yeah, I think it's an absolute disaster that Australia, the government, allowed kangaroo culling.
I'm a proud Australian, a very, very proud Australian.
Herein lies our problem. If we level that much land to grow rice and whatever, then no other animal could live there except for some insect pest species. Which is very unfortunate.
I believe our biggest issue is the same biggest issue that the whole world is facing, and that's habitat destruction.
I sincerely believe that there's room for cutting down trees for forestry and grazing, so as we all get to eat. Everyone has to compromise.
You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other.
I get called an adrenaline junkie every other minute, and I'm just fine with that.
You know, you can touch a stick of dynamite, but if you touch a venomous snake it'll turn around and bite you and kill you so fast it's not even funny.
Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.
I've probably saved thousands of peoples' lives with my educational message on snake bites, how to get in around venomous anything.
No matter where you go and what you do in America, you turn the tele on and you're confronted with violence.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
It takes these very simple-minded instructions - 'Go fetch a number, add it to this number, put the result there, perceive if it's greater than this other number' - but executes them at a rate of, let's say, 1,000,000 per second. At 1,000,000 per second, the results appear to be magic.
Older people sit down and ask, 'What is it?' but the boy asks, 'What can I do with it?'.
These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that.
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.
Of all the inventions of humans, the computer is going to rank near or at the top as history unfolds and we look back. It is the most awesome tool that we have ever invented. I feel incredibly lucky to be at exactly the right place in Silicon Valley, at exactly the right time, historically, where this invention has taken form.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation.
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
If you are in a spaceship that is traveling at the speed of light, and you turn on the headlights, does anything happen?
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums.
Whenever I think of the past, it brings back so many memories.
I look like a casual, laid-back guy, but it's like a circus in my head.
If a word in the dictionary were misspelled, how would we know?
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything.
I like to reminisce with people I don't know.
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
What's another word for Thesaurus?
George is a radio announcer, and when he walks under a bridge... you can't hear him talk.
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I'm the only one moving.
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out.
When I was a kid, I went to the store and asked the guy, Do you have any toy train schedules?
When I was a little kid we had a sand box. It was a quicksand box. I was an only child... eventually.
I'm writing an unauthorized autobiography.
There never will be complete equality until women themselves help to make laws and elect lawmakers.
Women, we might as well be dogs baying the moon as petitioners without the right to vote!
She who succeeds in gaining the mastery of the bicycle will gain the mastery of life.
The day may be approaching when the whole world will recognize woman as the equal of man.
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.
There is not a woman born who desires to eat the bread of dependence.
Whoever controls work and wages, controls morals.
I declare to you that woman must not depend upon the protection of man, but must be taught to protect herself, and there I take my stand.
Failure is impossible.
Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.
Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less.
Suffrage is the pivotal right.
Independence is happiness.
I always distrust people who know so much about what God wants them to do to their fellows.
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations... can never effect a reform.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world; I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled the more I gain.
I have encountered riotous mobs and have been hung in effigy, but my motto is: Men's rights are nothing more. Women's rights are nothing less.
Modern invention has banished the spinning wheel, and the same law of progress makes the woman of today a different woman from her grandmother.
Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman.
I don't want to die as long as I can work; the minute I can not, I want to go.
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.
This is rather different from the receptions I used to get fifty years ago. They threw things at me then but they were not roses.
I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women to the practical recognition of the old Revolutionary maxim. Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
What we need is to use what we have.
The painter constructs, the photographer discloses.
Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs.
Life is not significant details, illuminated by a flash, fixed forever. Photographs are.
Camp' is a vision of the world in terms of style - but a particular style. It is the love of the exaggerated.
Volume depends precisely on the writer's having been able to sit in a room every day, year after year, alone.
The life of the creative man is lead, directed and controlled by boredom. Avoiding boredom is one of our most important purposes.
It is not the position, but the disposition.
Making social comment is an artificial place for an artist to start from. If an artist is touched by some social condition, what the artist creates will reflect that, but you can't force it.
The only interesting answers are those that destroy the questions.
The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
In America, the photographer is not simply the person who records the past, but the one who invents it.
To take a photograph is to participate in another person's mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time's relentless melt.
A fiction about soft or easy deaths is part of the mythology of most diseases that are not considered shameful or demeaning.
For those who live neither with religious consolations about death nor with a sense of death (or of anything else) as natural, death is the obscene mystery, the ultimate affront, the thing that cannot be controlled. It can only be denied.
The ideology of capitalism makes us all into connoisseurs of liberty - of the indefinite expansion of possibility.
Any critic is entitled to wrong judgments, of course. But certain lapses of judgment indicate the radical failure of an entire sensibility.
AIDS occupies such a large part in our awareness because of what it has been taken to represent. It seems the very model of all the catastrophes privileged populations feel await them.
Depression is melancholy minus its charms - the animation, the fits.
Any important disease whose causality is murky, and for which treatment is ineffectual, tends to be awash in significance.
The love of the famous, like all strong passions, is quite abstract. Its intensity can be measured mathematically, and it is independent of persons.
A family's photograph album is generally about the extended family and, often, is all that remains of it.
The truth is balance. However the opposite of truth, which is unbalance, may not be a lie.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
The Vedanta recognizes no sin it only recognizes error. And the greatest error, says the Vedanta is to say that you are weak, that you are a sinner, a miserable creature, and that you have no power and you cannot do this and that.
If faith in ourselves had been more extensively taught and practiced, I am sure a very large portion of the evils and miseries that we have would have vanished.
The moment I have realized God sitting in the temple of every human body, the moment I stand in reverence before every human being and see God in him - that moment I am free from bondage, everything that binds vanishes, and I am free.
That man has reached immortality who is disturbed by nothing material.
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.
All the powers in the universe are already ours. It is we who have put our hands before our eyes and cry that it is dark.
When an idea exclusively occupies the mind, it is transformed into an actual physical or mental state.
God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life.
External nature is only internal nature writ large.
The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.
Where can we go to find God if we cannot see Him in our own hearts and in every living being.
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
Condemn none: if you can stretch out a helping hand, do so. If you cannot, fold your hands, bless your brothers, and let them go their own way.
As different streams having different sources all mingle their waters in the sea, so different tendencies, various though they appear, crooked or straight, all lead to God.
Never think there is anything impossible for the soul. It is the greatest heresy to think so. If there is sin, this is the only sin; to say that you are weak, or others are weak.
If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value; but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
May He who is the Brahman of the Hindus, the Ahura-Mazda of the Zoroastrians, the Buddha of the Buddhists, the Jehovah of the Jews, the Father in Heaven of the Christians give strength to you to carry out your noble idea.
-1
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
Love always ends differently and it always begins differently - especially with me.
I approach love differently now that I know it's hard for it to work out.
If you cry over a guy, then your friends can't date him. It can't even be considered.
I'm not afraid to write my feelings in songs.
I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend.
I haven't had that one great love, which is good. I don't want that to be in the past - I want it to be in the future.
I know my flaws before other people point them out to me.
I get really restless when I haven't worked for a day and a half. I have a recurring dream that people are lined up next to my bed, waiting for autographs and taking pictures of me!
I would love to continue in music, with writing... but I am not the kind of person who will hang around if I start to become irrelevant. If that happens, I will bow down gracefully, raise my kids, and have a garden. And I am going to let my hair go gray when I am older. I don't need to be blonde when I'm 60!
It feels kinda weird being back in a high school cause I haven't been in a high school for about a year. So um, it's kinda interesting coming back, and y'know seeing the lockers, with all the signs, the handmade signs, so being in high school again is a little bit strange but in a good way.
I think I first realized I wanted to be in country music and be an artist when I was 10. And I started dragging my parents to festivals, and fairs, and karaoke contests, and I did that for about a year before I came to Nashville for the first time. I was 11 and I had this demo CD of me singing Dixie Chicks and Leanne Rimes songs.
When you're singing you can hear the echo of people in the audience singing every single word with you, and that was that big dream that I had for myself. It's happening.
For everything I do, I think about a 6-year-old girl and her mom that I saw at my concert last night. I think about what those two individuals would think if I were at a club last night. I never want to be arrested, and I never want to get a DUI, those are my moral values.
I am an over-achiever, and I want to be known for the good things in my life.
Fans are my favorite thing in the world. I've never been the type of artist who has that line drawn between their friends and their fans. The line's always been really blurred for me. I'll hang out with them after the show. I'll hang out with them before the show. If I see them in the mall, I'll stand there and talk to them for 10 minutes.
My mom and I have always been really close. She's always been the friend that was always there. There were times when, in middle school and junior high, I didn't have a lot of friends. But my mom was always my friend. Always.
I wish all teenagers can filter through songs instead of turning to drugs and alcohol.
All you need to do to be my friend is like me.
I love it when people say things to me in public and want to meet me, because I want to meet them! Early on, my manager told me, 'If you want to sell 500,000 records, then go out there and meet 500,000 people.'
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
I write songs that are like diary entries. I have to do it in order to feel sane.
Factoring in millions of people when I'm writing a song is not a good idea. I don't ever do it.
You have people come into your life shockingly and surprisingly. You have losses that you never thought you'd experience. You have rejection and you have learn how to deal with that and how to get up the next day and go on with it.
In this business you have to develop a thick skin, but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.
There are no rules when it comes to love.
Writing is the most fun you can have by yourself.
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
He was the sort of person who stood on mountaintops during thunderstorms in wet copper armour shouting 'All the Gods are bastards.'
You can't trample infidels when you're a tortoise. I mean, all you could do is give them a meaningful look.
They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.
Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can. Of course, I could be wrong.
Opera happens because a large number of things amazingly fail to go wrong.
Freedom without limits is just a word.
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them.
I have, before now, waited for a pen to perform a macro.
I think perhaps the most important problem is that we are trying to understand the fundamental workings of the universe via a language devised for telling one another when the best fruit is.
Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?'
This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
I mean, I wouldn't pay more than a couple of quid to see me, and I'm me.
Never trust any complicated cocktail that remains perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds.
I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did.
Educational' refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger.
Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon.
Mind you, the Elizabethans had so many words for the female genitals that it is quite hard to speak a sentence of modern English without inadvertently mentioning at least three of them.
Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care.
I think I would like to go into modelling. Of course, I don't know how to do it, and wouldn't be any good at it if I did, so I'm going to employ someone to walk the catwalks on my behalf. It would still be me, of course.
Eight years involved with the nuclear industry have taught me that when nothing can possible go wrong and every avenue has been covered, then is the time to buy a house on the next continent.
Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page.
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
The most successful politician is he who says what the people are thinking most often in the loudest voice.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general; if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman; if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
The man who loves other countries as much as his own stands on a level with the man who loves other women as much as he loves his own wife.
The American people abhor a vacuum.
To announce that there must be no criticism of the president... is morally treasonable to the American public.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far.
I care not what others think of what I do, but I care very much about what I think of what I do! That is character!
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly.
No man is above the law and no man is below it: nor do we ask any man's permission when we ask him to obey it.
No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort.
I am a part of everything that I have read.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To have a great idea, have a lot of them.
They say President Wilson has blundered. Perhaps he has, but I notice he usually blunders forward.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
Restlessness is discontent and discontent is the first necessity of progress. Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
When I have fully decided that a result is worth getting I go ahead of it and make trial after trial until it comes.
Religion is all bunk.
There is no substitute for hard work.
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
Great ideas originate in the muscles.
What a man's mind can create, man's character can control.
Three things are necessary for the salvation of man: to know what he ought to believe; to know what he ought to desire; and to know what he ought to do.
By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Temperance is simply a disposition of the mind which binds the passion.
Well-ordered self-love is right and natural.
A man has free choice to the extent that he is rational.
To convert somebody go and take them by the hand and guide them.
Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder.
Happiness is secured through virtue; it is a good attained by man's own will.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good.
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
Man cannot live without joy; therefore when he is deprived of true spiritual joys it is necessary that he become addicted to carnal pleasures.
It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes.
Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.
In order for a war to be just, three things are necessary. First, the authority of the sovereign. Secondly, a just cause. Thirdly, a rightful intention.
If forgers and malefactors are put to death by the secular power, there is much more reason for excommunicating and even putting to death one convicted of heresy.
Justice is a certain rectitude of mind whereby a man does what he ought to do in the circumstances confronting him.
Law; an ordinance of reason for the common good, made by him who has care of the community.
Everywhere the human soul stands between a hemisphere of light and another of darkness; on the confines of the two everlasting empires, necessity and free will.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness.
No man who has once heartily and wholly laughed can be altogether irreclaimably bad.
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all that they can.
Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one less rascal in the world.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the pathway of the weak, became a stepping-stone in the pathway of the strong.
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Youth is to all the glad season of life; but often only by what it hopes, not by what it attains, or what it escapes.
A man's felicity consists not in the outward and visible blessing of fortune, but in the inward and unseen perfections and riches of the mind.
Man is, properly speaking, based upon hope, he has no other possession but hope; this world of his is emphatically the place of hope.
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Laughter is one of the very privileges of reason, being confined to the human species.
Necessity dispenseth with decorum.
The eye sees what it brings the power to see.
He who could foresee affairs three days in advance would be rich for thousands of years.
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor.
No person is important enough to make me angry.
No pressure, no diamonds.
There are good and bad times, but our mood changes more often than our fortune.
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom.
Adversity is the diamond dust Heaven polishes its jewels with.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them.
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war; and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.
That a man be willing, when others are so too, as far forth as for peace and defense of himself he shall think it necessary, to lay down this right to all things; and be contented with so much liberty against other men, as he would allow other men against himself.
No man's error becomes his own Law; nor obliges him to persist in it.
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
Leisure is the Mother of Philosophy.
Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.
Not believing in force is the same as not believing in gravitation.
The disembodied spirit is immortal; there is nothing of it that can grow old or die. But the embodied spirit sees death on the horizon as soon as its day dawns.
All generous minds have a horror of what are commonly called 'Facts'. They are the brute beasts of the intellectual domain.
A man cannot lay down the right of resisting them that assault him by force, to take away his life.
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right.
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned; yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.
The privilege of absurdity; to which no living creature is subject, but man only.
War consisteth not in battle only, or the act of fighting; but in a tract of time, wherein the will to contend by battle is sufficiently known.
The praise of ancient authors proceeds not from the reverence of the dead, but from the competition and mutual envy of the living.
Prudence is but experience, which equal time, equally bestows on all men, in those things they equally apply themselves unto.
A man's conscience and his judgment is the same thing; and as the judgment, so also the conscience, may be erroneous.
Curiosity is the lust of the mind.
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone; the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind.
Words are the money of fools.
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Always take hold of things by the smooth handle.
Ignorance is preferable to error, and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing than he who believes what is wrong.
No government ought to be without censors; and where the press is free no one ever will.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.
Dependence begets subservience and venality, suffocates the germ of virtue, and prepares fit tools for the designs of ambition.
To compel a man to furnish funds for the propagation of ideas he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and tyrannical.
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure, till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
The earth belongs to the living, not to the dead.
Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind.
How much pain they have cost us, the evils which have never happened.
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty, he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
Those who want to reap the benefits of this great nation must bear the fatigue of supporting it.
One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests.
Persecution is not an original feature in any religion; but it is always the strongly marked feature of all religions established by law.
The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum.
The instant formal government is abolished, society begins to act. A general association takes place, and common interest produces common security.
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
The Vatican is a dagger in the heart of Italy.
There are two distinct classes of what are called thoughts: those that we produce in ourselves by reflection and the act of thinking and those that bolt into the mind of their own accord.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
Virtues are acquired through endeavor, Which rests wholly upon yourself. So, to praise others for their virtues Can but encourage one's own efforts.
The abilities of man must fall short on one side or the other, like too scanty a blanket when you are abed. If you pull it upon your shoulders, your feet are left bare; if you thrust it down to your feet, your shoulders are uncovered.
It is the direction and not the magnitude which is to be taken into consideration.
When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon.
The least productive people are usually the ones who are most in favor of holding meetings.
Talkers are usually more articulate than doers, since talk is their specialty.
One of the most pervasive political visions of our time is the vision of liberals as compassionate and conservatives as less caring.
There are only two ways of telling the complete truth - anonymously and posthumously.
Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good.
What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long.
The problem isn't that Johnny can't read. The problem isn't even that Johnny can't think. The problem is that Johnny doesn't know what thinking is; he confuses it with feeling.
Mistakes can be corrected by those who pay attention to facts but dogmatism will not be corrected by those who are wedded to a vision.
People who identify themselves as conservatives donate money to charity more often than people who identify themselves as liberals. They donate more money and a higher percentage of their incomes.
If you have always believed that everyone should play by the same rules and be judged by the same standards, that would have gotten you labeled a radical 60 years ago, a liberal 30 years ago and a racist today.
The next time some academics tell you how important diversity is, ask how many Republicans there are in their sociology department.
The first lesson of economics is scarcity: there is never enough of anything to fully satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics.
Both free speech rights and property rights belong legally to individuals, but their real function is social, to benefit vast numbers of people who do not themselves exercise these rights.
Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated.
The real minimum wage is zero.
Imagine a political system so radical as to promise to move more of the poorest 20% of the population into the richest 20% than remain in the poorest bracket within the decade? You don't need to imagine it. It's called the United States of America.
The most fundamental fact about the ideas of the political left is that they do not work. Therefore we should not be surprised to find the left concentrated in institutions where ideas do not have to work in order to survive.
Liberals seem to assume that, if you don't believe in their particular political solutions, then you don't really care about the people that they claim to want to help.
Each new generation born is in effect an invasion of civilization by little barbarians, who must be civilized before it is too late.
Freedom has cost too much blood and agony to be relinquished at the cheap price of rhetoric.
Like a baseball game, wars are not over till they are over. Wars don't run on a clock like football. No previous generation was so hopelessly unrealistic that this had to be explained to them.
Would you bet your paycheck on a weather forecast for tomorrow? If not, then why should this country bet billions on global warming predictions that have even less foundation?
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.
Facts do not speak for themselves. They speak for or against competing theories. Facts divorced from theories or visions are mere isolated curiosities.
The march of science and technology does not imply growing intellectual complexity in the lives of most people. It often means the opposite.
A lot of times I find that people who are blessed with the most talent don't ever develop that attitude, and the ones who aren't blessed in that way are the most competitive and have the biggest heart.
The true competitors, though, are the ones who always play to win.
I always try to do as much as I can do. I'm never a person that does not enough, because I'd regret not doing enough and think I probably could have done more. I probably go too far and have to reel myself back in, which works in some things, and other things it doesn't work.
To me, football is so much about mental toughness, it's digging deep, it's doing whatever you need to do to help a team win and that comes in a lot of shapes and forms.
You're not going to see my sense of humor on the football field. That's not a place for me to joke around.
When you're one of the leaders of the team, there are no days off.
I'm a pretty good winner. I'm a terrible loser. And I rub it in pretty good when I win.
I could talk food all day. I love good food.
I've had just about everything punched. I've had things grabbed that just shouldn't be grapped.
Mentally, the only players who survive in the pros are the ones able to manage all their responsibilities. Everybody struggles in different ways.
My sisters like cooking at my place. It has a bit more room, and the food tastes a little bit better. A big pot of spaghetti and sauce, some warm French bread - works all the time. I think I've been eating pasta for 26 years.
Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it all just hurts.
WIth football you can have up to 28 guys you consider starters, and if they can pick up the slack when some aren't playing so well, you don't have to turn those two game losing streaks into six-game losing streaks.
I play a complicated position in an intensely team-oriented game.
I have a memory, and I can just eliminate mistakes when they come up because I've already made them.
We all have experiences in our lives that change us, and we all learn from people, like my dad, but at the end of the day, it's only us. And we're only responsible to make ourselves happy.
Too often in life, something happens and we blame other people for us not being happy or satisfied or fulfilled. So the point is, we all have choices, and we make the choice to accept people or situations or to not accept situations.
I'm much more comfortable and confident running out on the field in front of 70,000 people instead of standing in front of a camera trying to say some lines. The people who do that as a profession are very talented because it's certainly not easy.
When you have two busy kids running around the house, returning e-mails is a task, let alone surfing the web.
To me, if you're trying to impress a girl, get a date, they're gonna like that more because you're a confident guy. That's what it comes down to.
I don't want to wake up and be bored. That's probably my greatest fear is to have nothing to do. What better job is there than to play quarterback for an NFL team, and certainly one that I've been on for a long time and had success with? I don't plan on giving it up any time soon.
Every quarterback can throw a ball; every running back can run; every receiver is fast; but that mental toughness that you talk about translates into competitiveness.
After the first day of practice, there's not one guy who's playing at 100 percent or who feels great. Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it just hurts.
I'm an emotional person. Sometimes I can't help it.
Football is unconditional love.
It just so happens that my body type and my lifestyle gives me a preclusion for high blood sugars.
I must say that I do wrestle with the amount of money I make, but at the end of the day what am I gonna say? I took less money so Rupert Murdoch could have more?
If you have to have a job in this world, a high-priced movie star is a pretty good gig.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.
Growing up in northern California has had a big influence on my love and respect for the outdoors. When I lived in Oakland, we would think nothing of driving to Half Moon Bay and Santa Cruz one day and then driving to the foothills of the Sierras the next day.
I love what I do for a living, it's the greatest job in the world, but you have to survive an awful lot of attention that you don't truly deserve and you have to live up to your professional responsibilities and I'm always trying to balance that with what is really important.
I will entertain anything; it doesn't matter. You know, it's not obviously about the price, it's not about who, it's kind of about when and what. It's material, that's all.
I would not want to live in a country that would have me as a leader in any sort of political bent.
My favorite traditional Christmas movie that I like to watch is All Quiet on the Western Front. It's just not December without that movie in my house.
My kid could get a bad X-ray and I could get a call from the doctor saying I have something growing in my bum and that would change my perspective on everything instantaneously, on what is and what is not important.
Prior to Saving Private Ryan I never worked with men. I was always working with some babe, and it was always about falling in love, and it just got turned around. I'm not looking for any particular kind of story. I wait until it comes across my desk.
That's what's nice about directing a film and having it done: There's nothing more I can do about it. It's done. That's it. All I can do is let it go and hope that people are kind to it.
The year I was born, 1956, was the peak year for babies being born, and there are more people essentially our age than anybody else. We could crush these new generations if we decided too.
There is something basic about protecting land by taking it off the market. People should be able to enjoy where they live while at the same time protect the plants and animals around them.
There's a difference between solitude and loneliness. I can understand the concept of being a monk for a while.
What we're doing with Band of Brothers is trying to put it into human terms, so it is not just a flickering, black and white myth on a screen, it is a resonant story. I want the audience to recognize themselves in these men. They're not just mythic heroes.
Movie-making is telling a story with the best technology at your disposal.
It's always a combination of physics and poetry that I find inspiring. It's hard to wrap your head around things like the Hubble scope.
My TV show had been cancelled; nothing else had gone anywhere; some alliances I had made petered out and nothing came of them and I was looking at a long, long year ahead of me in which there was no work on the horizon, the phone wasn't ringing. I had two kids, one of them a brand-new baby, and I didn't know if I would be able to keep my house.
There was a period of time in Los Angeles when I wondered if I was just going to lose everything.
At the end of the day it's got to be a good movie, it's got to be a funny movie, and it's got to make people think, 'Hey, I couldn't have spent my time any better.'
The nature of the movies is different than it was five years ago, and they're all driven by the possibilities of CGI, which means you can make anything happen on screen that you can possibly desire.
The most accurate representation of how I feel is that I'm incredibly lucky to be working in this structure where people get paid millions to read the news on TV. And, yes, it is insane. And there is nothing I can say beyond acknowledging my immense good fortune, and being aware that I'm blessed, and aware that it isn't going to last forever.
I'm not interested in doing something edgy with a capital E just so everyone knows, 'Oh, OK, now he's showing us he can do edgy.'
But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think I'm very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Remember, a real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.
You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know. Knowing is not enough! You must take action.
It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives.
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
Most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results.
Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year - and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
We will act consistently with our view of who we truly are, whether that view is accurate or not.
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that disempowers them or one that can literally save their lives.
It's not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.
Surmounting difficulty is the crucible that forms character.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
You see, it's never the environment; it's never the events of our lives, but the meaning we attach to the events - how we interpret them - that shapes who we are today and who we'll become tomorrow.
There's always a way - if you're committed.
There's a lot of us out here that are birds, man. We all need to just fly.
You can't buy vision, and you can't buy aesthetic.
I'm just here for good times, man. I want people to have the best time ever. Especially if they're around me.
I'm attached to the beat. The beat speaks words. I love music.
Beyonce is, like, the highest level. We all reach for that level.
I'm not into just one thing; I always felt like I had to have my hand in everything revolving around what I do, whether it's directing videos, making beats, making music, performing.
Everybody just has different steps in their life that they take to do what they should.
My whole story is straight mythical. It's tangible, but it's also what life could be.
I'm not a gangsta.
I'm a magician, like David Blaine. I could never fall.
Drake is an amazing person. Also, a magician. He's a big brother, super-talent; he's cool.
I feel like Houston is one of the leading things in music culture. Everyone loves the Houston culture. It needs to have its own monument, its own moment for artists like me, artists like Beyonce who set it off.
I feel like everything needs to be stylised; that's always been my mindset.
James Blake is a real good friend of mine. He's real different than what you thinks. He's super turned up.
I feel like everyone just gets constricted by their parents or, just, life.
I was born in Houston, Texas. I grew up in Houston, by Missouri City. It's, like, a suburb in the area; it's middle-class. But I used to stay with my grandma in the hood from ages one to six.
My mom worked for Apple, and my dad owned his own business.
I'm big on diversity. My music is very diverse; I don't want it to ever be typecasted.
When I was three years old, my dad bought me my first drum set.
You grow up in a small community, there's no outlet like New York or L.A.
I was working with Jay Z while I was still learning how to be who I was about to become.
My grandad, he has his doctorate in psychology.
I'm La Flame at all times. That, at times, can be bad, at times can be good.
I wouldn't make music with you if I didn't know you. If you're a good artist, and if you know it as well, I'm down.
You can't buy swag.
You can't buy being a rock star.
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.
There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
America wants its respect.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.
I don't see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.
I just don't know how to deal with so many people giving me that much affection. I never had that in my life.
I just spent 11 and a half months in a maximum-security jail, got shot five times, and was wrongly convicted of a crime I didn't commit.
I think I'm a natural-born leader. I know how to bow down to authority if it's authority that I respect.
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.
I would rather have been shot straight-up in cold blood-but to be set up? By people who you trusted? That's bad.
I'm 23 years old. I might just be my mother's child, but in all reality, I'm everybody's child. Nobody raised me; I was raised in this society.
I'm a reflection of the community.
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.
It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.
The only time I have problems is when I sleep.
Thug Life to me is dead.
When you do rap albums, you got to train yourself. You got to constantly be in character.
With all my fans I got a family again.
I think I'm cool. That's all that matters.
Youth is something I never wanna take for granted. I just want to smile and live life.
I'm not a follower. I'm a leader. And anyone who speaks their mind is always criticised.
For the record, I don't worship the devil. I just hate religion.
I don't like people around me sad. I like making people happy.
I don't like being put in a box. I just make music, you know?
I'm like a big 10-year-old when I'm on stage. I just go up there and do whatever I think is cool at the moment.
Usually, when I'm rappin', I'm creating a big story or a concept song that sounds like a movie to me.
If the world was ending, I think I would grab some Cinnamon Toast Crunch, a bunch of water, and I'd probably just... I'd probably go crazy.
The thing is, I make music I like. So it's just weird if someone says they don't like it.
I wasn't shy, but I was really hyper. Nobody got my sense of humor. I was a black skater kid.
I don't really listen to rap; I just like to rap.
I'm a pretty nice dude. I have fun, and people take it the wrong way.
Somebody called me a homophobe. I'm not homophobic.
My lyrics aren't offensive. Some people find everything offensive.
Hawthorne sucks... It's a crazy place, and I'm happy that I was the weird one that got out.
Humans have voids, and you need things to fill voids... I didn't have a dad to fill that male model void, so when I heard Eminem or freaking seen Dave Chapelle, that's what I gravitated to.
I want to make as much money as I possibly can so that when my day comes, my mother and sister is fine. My close friends are fine. They don't have to worry about anything ever again.
I want to design jewelry for girls and guys... I'ma spread it out, but I'ma design, probably when I'm just designing furniture and buildings, I'll probably being the jewelry thing, too.
I never want to grow up.
I don't have a therapist, so I use me as my own therapist when I'm making the music.
I'm a big 'Goosebumps' fan - 'Revenge of the Lawn Gnomes.' My favorites are the pick-your-own-death ones.
I like my raps, but I'm never too happy with some of 'em because I feel like they could be better.
I want to take Justin Bieber for a month and just lock him up in a cage where we sit and make music. He's one of the most successful people in the world, but his music could be so much tighter.
I think, if I had a dad, I would have went the normal college route. I'm so stoked my life panned out how it was.
I'm not hip-hop. I'm Tyler.
-1
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Time spent with cats is never wasted.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
He was a wise man who invented beer.
All warfare is based on deception.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times of great moral conflict.
Women are like teabags. We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.
When I was taken to the concentration camp of Auschwitz, a manuscript of mine ready for publication was confiscated. Certainly, my deep desire to write this manuscript anew helped me to survive the rigors of the camps I was in.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
For the meaning of life differs from man to man, from day to day and from hour to hour. What matters, therefore, is not the meaning of life in general but rather the specific meaning of a person's life at a given moment.
Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.
A thought transfixed me: for the first time in my life, I saw the truth as it is set into song by so many poets, proclaimed as the final wisdom by so many thinkers. The truth - that love is the ultimate and the highest goal to which man can aspire.
If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering. Suffering is an ineradicable part of life, even as fate and death. Without suffering and death, human life cannot be complete.
Man is that being who invented the gas chambers of Auschwitz; however, he is also that being who entered those chambers upright, with the Lord's Prayer or the Shema Yisrael on his lips.
Even a genius cannot completely resist his Zeitgeist, the spirit of his time.
Everyone has his own specific vocation or mission in life; everyone must carry out a concrete assignment that demands fulfillment. Therein he cannot be replaced, nor can his life be repeated, thus, everyone's task is unique as his specific opportunity to implement it.
Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of his life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is asked.
Each man is questioned by life; and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life; to life he can only respond by being responsible.
A human being is a deciding being.
Challenging the meaning of life is the truest expression of the state of being human.
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives.
Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for.
In a position of utter desolation, when man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way - an honorable way - in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment.
We who lived in concentration camps can remember the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread.
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it.
A man who becomes conscious of the responsibility he bears toward a human being who affectionately waits for him, or to an unfinished work, will never be able to throw away his life. He knows the 'why' for his existence, and will be able to bear almost any 'how.'
Religion is the search for ultimate meaning.
Faith is trust in ultimate meaning.
To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.'
Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort, which is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
If it doesn't matter who wins or loses, then why do they keep score?
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious.
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it.
We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Some people try to find things in this game that don't exist but football is only two things - blocking and tackling.
A school without football is in danger of deteriorating into a medieval study hall.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Winning is not a sometime thing; it's an all the time thing. You don't win once in a while... you don't do things right once in a while... you do them right all the time. Winning is habit.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
The fashion consumer likes a high-low mix - I want to be a brand that represents that.
Music needs a visual element to make it tangible. So, naturally, there's gonna be a synergy between high-level art direction and high-level albums.
Kanye's the best. He really, really is. He's cool. And why we've always gotten along is because we can just sit down and talk about art.
I like the idea of a fully realized collection with artists.
The whole point of collaboration is that you give and take from each other, and that's how you create things that are totally new.
Whenever I'm doing a collection, I'm inspired by the world around us.
I do fashion to tell a narrative.
Every idea that comes to mind I execute, or I look for outlets to put out ideas.
What I love about tennis is the gracefulness. It's an aggressive and powerful game, but it takes touch and finesse.
For me, there's a subtlety in focusing on the right shape of T-shirt and pant. I recognise that it's boring, but the idea is to catch people off-guard and reward them in some valuable way.
I interned at Fendi while Michael Burke was overseeing Fendi.
I'm a kid from Chicago. I know what it was like to see Obama become president. We felt the tectonic plates of the world shift.
The most important message is to let me just focus on making the most beautiful normcore clothes, but as luxurious as possible.
For me, I analyze the modern girl, the girl that I'm friends with, and they're empowered: They pay their own bills. They have their own style. They wear clothes - the clothes don't wear them.
For me, just as a social recorder of 2016, there's a new girl that emerged that can shop in between Zara and designer and still maintain a sense of her personality and identity.
Art is made in hindsight.
All I do all day is think of ideas and implement them. That's an industry, you know. I'm trying to make art on a commercial scale.
There's no line between a designer and consumer.
I hate being up onstage with a microphone.
My first degree was in structural engineering, which is super-boring.
Fashion is kinda a joke. I don't get too bogged down in the clothes. For me, it's one big art project, just a canvas to show that fashion should have a brand which has someone behind it who cares about different contexts. Social things.
People that are able to think in terms of concepts and offer us valuable forms of art are very exciting to me.
Fashion and music are two great artistic forms that can be molded by the youth culture - our taste and our passion for evolving things in our limited time on earth allows us to look at things with fresh eyes.
I'm not really into style. I'm more into confidence or having something to say.
When creativity melds together with global issues, I believe you can bring the world together.
I don't have to choose between high fashion or streetwear. My brand reminds me that it doesn't have to fit in a box. It can just be in a gray area.
I thought how unpleasant it is to be locked out; and I thought how it is worse, perhaps, to be locked in.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.
The beauty of the world, which is so soon to perish, has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty, and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness.
Thought and theory must precede all salutary action; yet action is nobler in itself than either thought or theory.
I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it.
Nothing induces me to read a novel except when I have to make money by writing about it. I detest them.
The older one grows, the more one likes indecency.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Literature is strewn with the wreckage of men who have minded beyond reason the opinions of others.
Each has his past shut in him like the leaves of a book known to him by his heart, and his friends can only read the title.
It is fatal to be a man or woman pure and simple: one must be a woman manly, or a man womanly.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
Fiction is like a spider's web, attached ever so slightly perhaps, but still attached to life at all four corners. Often the attachment is scarcely perceptible.
I would venture to guess that Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman.
These are the soul's changes. I don't believe in ageing. I believe in forever altering one's aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
Masterpieces are not single and solitary births; they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.
You send a boy to school in order to make friends - the right sort.
As a woman I have no country. As a woman my country is the whole world.
Arrange whatever pieces come your way.
That great Cathedral space which was childhood.
One of the signs of passing youth is the birth of a sense of fellowship with other human beings as we take our place among them.
A lie told often enough becomes the truth.
One man with a gun can control 100 without one.
The goal of socialism is communism.
The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament.
The way to crush the bourgeoisie is to grind them between the millstones of taxation and inflation.
It is true that liberty is precious; so precious that it must be carefully rationed.
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.
Democracy is indispensable to socialism.
Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle. The modern industrial proletariat does not belong to the category of such classes.
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.
Under socialism all will govern in turn and will soon become accustomed to no one governing.
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.
When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time; one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.
While the State exists there can be no freedom; when there is freedom there will be no State.
The history of all countries shows that the working class exclusively by its own effort is able to develop only trade-union consciousness.
Fascism is capitalism in decay.
Capitalists are no more capable of self-sacrifice than a man is capable of lifting himself up by his own bootstraps.
Without a revolutionary theory there cannot be a revolutionary movement.
A revolution is impossible without a revolutionary situation; furthermore, not every revolutionary situation leads to revolution.
The government is tottering. We must deal it the death blow an any cost. To delay action is the same as death.
Crime is a product of social excess.
If it were necessary to give the briefest possible definition of imperialism, we should have to say that imperialism is the monopoly stage of capitalism.
The task of the government is not only to pour honey into a cup, but sometimes to give bitter medicine.
We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.
My notion of the KGB came from romantic spy stories. I was a pure and utterly successful product of Soviet patriotic education.
History proves that all dictatorships, all authoritarian forms of government are transient. Only democratic systems are not transient. Whatever the shortcomings, mankind has not devised anything superior.
Russia needs a strong state power and must have it. But I am not calling for totalitarianism.
Anyone who doesn't regret the passing of the Soviet Union has no heart. Anyone who wants it restored has no brains.
Russia will not soon become, if it ever becomes, a second copy of the United States or England - where liberal value have deep historic roots.
Russia is a part of European culture. Therefore, it is with difficulty that I imagine NATO as an enemy.
No references to the need to fight terror can be an argument for restricting human rights.
Nobody and nothing will stop Russia on the road to strengthening democracy and ensuring human rights and freedoms.
Nobody should pin their hopes on a miracle.
Our aims are absolutely clear: They are a high living standard in the country and a secure, free and comfortable life.
The democratic choice Russian people made in the early 90's is final.
The path towards a free society has not been simple. There are tragic and glorious pages in our history.
The strengthening of our statehood is, at times, deliberately interpreted as authoritarianism.
To pay more is the easy way. In fact, the solution possibilities to the problem are many.
We shall fight against them, throw them in prisons and destroy them.
You must obey the law, always, not only when they grab you by your special place.
I think the American people should express their preferences, and we'll accept their choice.
Terrorism has once again shown it is prepared deliberately to stop at nothing in creating human victims. An end must be put to this. As never before, it is vital to unite forces of the entire world community against terror.
We don't need a weakened government but a strong government that would take responsibility for the rights of the individual and care for the society as a whole.
Russia does not have in its possession any trustworthy data that supports the existence of nuclear weapons or any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and we have not received any such information from our partners as yet.
Yes, life in Chechnya so far looks more like a life after a natural disaster.
I see that not everyone in the West has understood that the Soviet Union has disappeared from the political map of the world and that a new country has emerged with new humanist and ideological principles at the foundation of its existence.
Russia does not want confrontation of any kind. And we will not take part in any kind of 'holy alliance.'
Whoever does not miss the Soviet Union has no heart. Whoever wants it back has no brain.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
By appreciation, we make excellence in others our own property.
Weakness on both sides is, as we know, the motto of all quarrels.
I should like to lie at your feet and die in your arms.
Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Man is free at the moment he wishes to be.
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
A witty saying proves nothing.
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
When he to whom one speaks does not understand, and he who speaks himself does not understand, that is metaphysics.
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature.
It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
A system of education is not one thing, nor does it have a single definite object, nor is it a mere matter of schools. Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life.
To stimulate wildly weak and untrained minds is to play with mighty fires.
An American, a Negro... two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
I believe in God, who made of one blood all nations that on earth do dwell. I believe that all men, black and brown and white, are brothers, varying through time and opportunity, in form and gift and feature, but differing in no essential particular, and alike in soul and the possibility of infinite development.
I believe in Liberty for all men: the space to stretch their arms and their souls, the right to breathe and the right to vote, the freedom to choose their friends, enjoy the sunshine, and ride on the railroads, uncursed by color; thinking, dreaming, working as they will in a kingdom of beauty and love.
A true and worthy ideal frees and uplifts a people; a false ideal imprisons and lowers.
Read some good, heavy, serious books just for discipline: Take yourself in hand and master yourself.
For most people, it is enough for the world to know that they aspire. The world does not ask what their aspirations are, trusting that those aspirations are for the best and greatest things. But with regard to the Negroes in America, there is a feeling that their aspirations in some way are not consistent with the great ideals.
One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro; two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
A classic is a book that doesn't have to be written again.
When you have mastered numbers, you will in fact no longer be reading numbers, any more than you read words when reading books You will be reading meanings.
The cost of liberty is less than the price of repression.
The power of the ballot we need in sheer defense, else what shall save us from a second slavery?
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
The problem of the twentieth century is the problem of the color line.
It is a peculiar sensation, this double-consciousness, this sense of always looking at one's self through the eyes of others, of measuring one's soul by the tape of a world that looks on in amused contempt and pity.
But what of black women?... I most sincerely doubt if any other race of women could have brought its fineness up through so devilish a fire.
If there is anybody in this land who thoroughly believes that the meek shall inherit the earth they have not often let their presence be known.
A little less complaint and whining, and a little more dogged work and manly striving, would do us more credit than a thousand civil rights bills.
Most men today cannot conceive of a freedom that does not involve somebody's slavery.
Education must not simply teach work - it must teach Life.
From the very first, it has been the educated and intelligent of the Negro people that have led and elevated the mass, and the sole obstacles that nullified and retarded their efforts were slavery and race prejudice; for what is slavery but the legalized survival of the unfit and the nullification of the work of natural internal leadership?
All men cannot go to college, but some men must; every isolated group or nation must have its yeast, must have, for the talented few, centers of training where men are not so mystified and befuddled by the hard and necessary toil of earning a living as to have no aims higher than their bellies and no God greater than Gold.
If you do not know how to ask the right question, you discover nothing.
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best.
Eliminate numerical quotas, including Management by Objectives.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
Whenever there is fear, you will get wrong figures.
All anyone asks for is a chance to work with pride.
Quality is everyone's responsibility.
Lack of knowledge... that is the problem.
Hold everybody accountable? Ridiculous!
The emphasis should be on why we do a job.
Any manager can do well in an expanding market.
Innovation comes from the producer - not from the customer.
When a system is stable, telling the worker about mistakes is only tampering.
Rational behavior requires theory. Reactive behavior requires only reflex action.
The result of long-term relationships is better and better quality, and lower and lower costs.
The average American worker has fifty interruptions a day, of which seventy percent have nothing to do with work.
A bad system will beat a good person every time.
If you don't understand how to run an efficient operation, new machinery will just give you new problems of operation and maintenance. The sure way to increase productivity is to better administrate man and machine.
Declining productivity and quality means your unit production costs stay high but you don't have as much to sell. Your workers don't want to be paid less, so to maintain profits, you increase your prices. That's inflation.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
I don't like formal gardens. I like wild nature. It's just the wilderness instinct in me, I guess.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
We allow no geniuses around our Studio.
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood.
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
Whenever I go on a ride, I'm always thinking of what's wrong with the thing and how it can be improved.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
You're dead if you aim only for kids. Adults are only kids grown up, anyway.
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
How pleasant it is for a father to sit at his child's board. It is like an aged man reclining under the shadow of an oak which he has planted.
Love rules the court, the camp, the grove, And men below, and saints above: For love is heaven, and heaven is love.
He that climbs the tall tree has won right to the fruit, He that leaps the wide gulf should prevail in his suit.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Unless a tree has borne blossoms in spring, you will vainly look for fruit on it in autumn.
O! many a shaft, at random sent, Finds mark the archer little meant! And many a word, at random spoken, May soothe or wound a heart that's broken!
To be ambitious of true honor, of the true glory and perfection of our natures, is the very principle and incentive of virtue.
What is a diary as a rule? A document useful to the person who keeps it. Dull to the contemporary who reads it and invaluable to the student, centuries afterwards, who treasures it.
Many miles away there's a shadow on the door of a cottage on the Shore of a dark Scottish lake.
What I have to say is far more important than how long my eyelashes are.
If a farmer fills his barn with grain, he gets mice. If he leaves it empty, he gets actors.
Look back, and smile on perils past.
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.
The half hour between waking and rising has all my life proved propitious to any task which was exercising my invention... It was always when I first opened my eyes that the desired ideas thronged upon me.
If you once turn on your side after the hour at which you ought to rise, it is all over. Bolt up at once.
Of all vices, drinking is the most incompatible with greatness.
The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other. We cannot exist without mutual help. All therefore that need aid have a right to ask it from their fellow-men; and no one who has the power of granting can refuse it without guilt.
A rusty nail placed near a faithful compass, will sway it from the truth, and wreck the argosy.
It is wonderful what strength of purpose and boldness and energy of will are roused by the assurance that we are doing our duty.
Faces that have charmed us the most escape us the soonest.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Give yourself a gift of five minutes of contemplation in awe of everything you see around you. Go outside and turn your attention to the many miracles around you. This five-minute-a-day regimen of appreciation and gratitude will help you to focus your life in awe.
Conflict cannot survive without your participation.
Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.
I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
Simply put, you believe that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed.
Live one day at a time emphasizing ethics rather than rules.
Everything is perfect in the universe - even your desire to improve it.
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
The last suit that you wear, you don't need any pockets.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of slavery.
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
I don't like my hockey sticks touching other sticks, and I don't like them crossing one another, and I kind of have them hidden in the corner. I put baby powder on the ends. I think it's essentially a matter of taking care of what takes care of you.
The only way a kid is going to practice is if it's total fun for him... and it was for me.
The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
I wasn't naturally gifted in terms of size and speed; everything I did in hockey I worked for, and that's the way I'll be as a coach.
Ninety percent of hockey is mental and the other half is physical.
I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.
Hockey is a unique sport in the sense that you need each and every guy helping each other and pulling in the same direction to be successful.
I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.
I'm very proud of our NHL players. I think they all handle themselves extremely well and they all work really hard.
By no means could I play at the level of these kids who play in the NHL now but as 50-year-olds go, I feel really good and I feel blessed that I'm still healthy.
Listen, everything I have in my life is because of the NHL and because of hockey, and I love the game and I loved every minute of being a player, I loved coaching, I loved being involved in the NHL.
And people who know me would tell you that away from hockey I'm really not that competitive.
It's an honour and a thrill and a privilege just to play in the NHL.
Growing up, I was always the small guy.
When I was 5 and playing against 11-year-olds, who were bigger, stronger, faster, I just had to figure out a way to play with them.
I couldn't beat people with my strength; I don't have a hard shot; I'm not the quickest skater in the league. My eyes and my mind have to do most of the work.
Most people marry their mother. I married my father.
Look at guys like Larry Bird and George Brett and John McEnroe; that's what they did in their careers. They all wanted to be the guy under the microscope late in the game or late in the match. So you just take on that know-how that that's part of your responsibility, and you learn that's what makes it exciting. That's what makes it fun!
My kids are no different than anyone else's - they tend to disagree with everything I say!
I just like to keep my money in the bank; I'm not a big risk-taker. I don't know anything about the stock market... I stay away from things I don't know anything about.
I get a feeling about where a teammate is going to be. A lot of times, I can turn and pass without even looking.
About all I can say for the United States Senate is that it opens with a prayer and closes with an investigation.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing, and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
An onion can make people cry but there's never been a vegetable that can make people laugh.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
Last year we said, 'Things can't go on like this', and they didn't, they got worse.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
People who fly into a rage always make a bad landing.
We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
The schools ain't what they used to be and never was.
There is nothing so stupid as the educated man if you get him off the thing he was educated in.
America is becoming so educated that ignorance will be a novelty. I will belong to the select few.
All I know is just what I read in the papers, and that's an alibi for my ignorance.
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.
I read about eight newspapers in a day. When I'm in a town with only one newspaper, I read it eight times.
To see a world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower Hold infinity in the palm of your hand and eternity in an hour.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.
Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.
Those who restrain their desires, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.
The man who never in his mind and thoughts travel'd to heaven is no artist.
To generalize is to be an idiot.
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
Want of money and the distress of a thief can never be alleged as the cause of his thieving, for many honest people endure greater hardships with fortitude. We must therefore seek the cause elsewhere than in want of money, for that is the miser's passion, not the thief s.
I have no name: I am but two days old. What shall I call thee? I happy am, Joy is my name. Sweet joy befall thee!
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read black where I read white.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.
How can we know the dancer from the dance?
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
I heard the old, old, men say 'all that's beautiful drifts away, like the waters.'
Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.
The years like great black oxen tread the world, and God, the herdsman goads them on behind, and I am broken by their passing feet.
Happiness is neither virtue nor pleasure nor this thing nor that but simply growth, We are happy when we are growing.
Every conquering temptation represents a new fund of moral energy. Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
In dreams begins responsibility.
Take, if you must, this little bag of dreams, Unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round.
This melancholy London - I sometimes imagine that the souls of the lost are compelled to walk through its streets perpetually. One feels them passing like a whiff of air.
I am still of opinion that only two topics can be of the least interest to a serious and studious mood - sex and the dead.
Choose your companions from the best; Who draws a bucket with the rest soon topples down the hill.
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
Those that I fight I do not hate, those that I guard I do not love.
I think you can leave the arts, superior or inferior, to the conscience of mankind.
A line will take us hours maybe; Yet if it does not seem a moment's thought, our stitching and unstitching has been naught.
I balanced all, brought all to mind, the years to come seemed waste of breath, a waste of breath the years behind, in balance with this life, this death.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
The greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that will outlast it.
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice.
The greatest enemy of any one of our truths may be the rest of our truths.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
Man can alter his life by altering his thinking.
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.
The ideas gained by men before they are twenty-five are practically the only ideas they shall have in their lives.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
In business for yourself, not by yourself.
Genius... means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.
Great emergencies and crises show us how much greater our vital resources are than we had supposed.
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature, usually crushed to earth by the cold facts and dry criticisms of the sober hour.
Compared to what we ought to be, we are half awake.
The community stagnates without the impulse of the individual. The impulse dies away without the sympathy of the community.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
There are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make new things familiar, familiar things new.
It is best to love wisely, no doubt; but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
Except for the young or very happy, I can't say I am sorry for anyone who dies.
If a secret history of books could be written, and the author's private thoughts and meanings noted down alongside of his story, how many insipid volumes would become interesting, and dull tales excite the reader!
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
What money is better bestowed than that of a schoolboy's tip? How the kindness is recalled by the recipient in after days! It blesses him that gives and him that takes.